 
 10-K
 1
 gt-123112x10k1.htm
 FORM 10-K

 GT-12.31.12-10K (1) 

 Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 &#32; Commission File Number: 1-1927 THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Ohio (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 34-0253240 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1144 East Market Street, Akron, Ohio (Address of principal executive offices) 44316-0001 (Zip Code) Registrant';s telephone number, including area code: (330) 796-2121 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Common Stock, Without Par Value The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 5.875% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None In dicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#254; No o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No &#254; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#254; No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#254; No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant';s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#254; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of ";large accelerated filer,"; ";accelerated filer"; and ";smaller reporting company"; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer &#254; Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No &#254; The aggregate market value of the common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the last sales price of such common stock as of the closing of trading on June 29, 2012, was approximately $2.9 billion. Shares of Common Stock, Without Par Value, outstanding at January 31, 2013: 245,401,088 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the Company';s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 15, 2013 are incorporated by reference in Part III. Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2012 &#32; Table of Contents Item Number Page Number PART I 1 Business 1 1A Risk Factors 11 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 19 2 Properties 19 3 Legal Proceedings 20 PART II 5 Market for Registrant';s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 22 6 Selected Financial Data 23 7 Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 52 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 54 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 119 9A Controls and Procedures 119 9B Other Information 119 PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 119 11 Executive Compensation 120 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 120 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Director Independence 120 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 120 PART IV 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 120 Signatures 121 Index to Financial Statement Schedules FS-1 Index of Exhibits X-1 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. BUSINESS OF GOODYEAR The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (the ";Company";) is an Ohio corporation organized in 1898. Its principal offices are located at 1144 East Market Street, Akron, Ohio 44316-0001. Its telephone number is (330) 796-2121. The terms ";Goodyear,"; ";Company"; and ";we,"; ";us"; or ";our"; wherever used herein refer to the Company together with all of its consolidated U.S. and foreign subsidiary companies, unless the context indicates to the contrary. We are one of the world';s leading manufacturers of tires, engaging in operations in most regions of the world. In 2012 , our net sales were $21 billion , Goodyear';s net income was $212 million , and Goodyear's net income available to common shareholders was $183 million . Together with our U.S. and international subsidiaries and joint ventures, we develop, manufacture, market and distribute tires for most applications. We also manufacture and market rubber-related chemicals for various applications. We are one of the world';s largest operators of commercial truck service and tire retreading centers. In addition, we operate approximately 1,300 &#32;tire and auto service center outlets where we offer our products for retail sale and provide automotive repair and other services. We manufacture our products in 52 &#32;manufacturing facilities in 22 &#32;countries, including the United States, and we have marketing operations in almost every country around the world. We employ approximately 69,000 full-time and temporary associates worldwide. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We make available free of charge on our website, http://www.goodyear.com, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish such reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ";SEC";). The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in or considered to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Venezuelan Currency Devaluation. On February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government announced the devaluation of its currency, the bolivar fuerte, effective February 13, 2013. The announcement indicated that the official exchange rate would be changed from 4.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar to 6.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar. The announcement provided limited details and we will not be able to fully assess the effect of the changes on our future results of operations until after the government publishes the decree in the Official Gazette, which is expected on February 13, 2013. We expect to record a charge in the first quarter of 2013 in connection with the remeasurement of our balance sheet to reflect the devaluation. If calculated at the announced official exchange rate of 6.3, the charge is expected to be approximately $100 million, net of tax. The devaluation did not affect our results of operations or financial position for the year ended December 31, 2012. For further information, see ";Item 1A. Risk Factors"; and ";Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources -- Overview"; in this Form 10-K. DESCRIPTION OF GOODYEAR';S BUSINESS G ENERAL &#32;I NFORMATION &#32;R EGARDING &#32;O UR &#32;S EGMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2012 , we operated our business through four operating segments representing our regional tire businesses: North American Tire; Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire (";EMEA";); Latin American Tire; and Asia Pacific Tire. Financial information related to our operating segments for the three year period ended December 31, 2012 &#32;appears in the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 7, Business Segments. 1 Table of Contents Our principal business is the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of tires and related products and services worldwide. We manufacture and market numerous lines of rubber tires for: &#8226; automobiles &#8226; trucks &#8226; buses &#8226; aircraft &#8226; motorcycles &#8226; farm implements &#8226; earthmoving and mining equipment &#8226; industrial equipment, and &#8226; various other applications. In each case, our tires are offered for sale to vehicle manufacturers for mounting as original equipment (";OE";) and for replacement worldwide. We manufacture and sell tires under the Goodyear, Dunlop, Kelly, Debica, Sava and Fulda brands and various other Goodyear owned ";house"; brands, and the private-label brands of certain customers. In certain geographic areas we also: &#8226; retread truck, aviation and off-the-road, or OTR, tires, &#8226; manufacture and sell tread rubber and other tire retreading materials, &#8226; provide automotive repair services and miscellaneous other products and services, and &#8226; manufacture and sell flaps for truck tires and other types of tires. Our principal products are new tires for most applications. Approximately 84% &#32;of our sales in 2012 &#32;were for new tires, compared to 83% &#32;and 84% &#32;in 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Sales of chemical products and natural rubber to unaffiliated customers were 6% &#32;in 2012 , 7% &#32;in 2011 &#32;and 6% &#32;in 2010 &#32;of our consolidated sales ( 13% , 17% &#32;and 14% &#32;of North American Tire';s total sales in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively). The percentages of each segment';s sales attributable to new tires during the periods indicated were: Year Ended December 31, Sales of New Tires By 2012 2011 2010 North American Tire 76 % 72 % 74 % Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 94 95 93 Latin American Tire 92 89 93 Asia Pacific Tire 86 84 84 Each segment exports tires to other segments. The financial results of each segment exclude sales of tires exported to other segments, but include operating income derived from such transactions. Goodyear does not include motorcycle, aviation or all terrain vehicle tires in reported tire unit sales. Tire unit sales for each segment during the periods indicated were: GOODYEAR';S ANNUAL TIRE UNIT SALES -- SEGMENT Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 North American Tire 62.6 66.0 66.7 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 62.7 74.3 72.0 Latin American Tire 18.1 19.8 20.7 Asia Pacific Tire 20.6 20.5 21.4 Goodyear worldwide tire units 164.0 180.6 180.8 2 Table of Contents Our replacement and OE tire unit sales during the periods indicated were: GOODYEAR';S ANNUAL TIRE UNIT SALES -- REPLACEMENT AND OE Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 Replacement tire units 114.4 132.2 133.0 OE tire units 49.6 48.4 47.8 Goodyear worldwide tire units 164.0 180.6 180.8 New tires are sold under highly competitive conditions throughout the world. On a worldwide basis, we have two major competitors: Bridgestone (based in Japan) and Michelin (based in France). Other significant competitors include Continental, Cooper, Hankook, Kumho, Pirelli, Toyo, Yokohama and various regional tire manufacturers. We compete with other tire manufacturers on the basis of product design, performance, price and terms, reputation, warranty terms, customer service and consumer convenience. Goodyear and Dunlop brand tires enjoy a high recognition factor and have a reputation for performance and product design. The Kelly, Debica, Sava and Fulda brands and various house brand tire lines offered by us, and tires manufactured and sold by us to private brand customers, compete primarily on the basis of value and price. Although we do not consider our tire businesses to be seasonal to any significant degree, we historically sell more replacement tires in North American Tire and EMEA during the third quarter. G LOBAL &#32;A LLIANCE We have a global alliance with Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (";SRI";). Under the global alliance, we own 75% and SRI owns 25% of two companies, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V. (";GDTE";) and Goodyear Dunlop Tires North America, Ltd. (";GDTNA";). GDTE owns and operates substantially all of our tire businesses in Western Europe. GDTNA owns the Dunlop brand and operates certain related businesses in North America. In Japan, we own 25%, and SRI owns 75%, of two companies, one for the sale of Goodyear brand passenger and truck tires for replacement in Japan and the other for the sale of Goodyear brand and Dunlop brand tires to vehicle manufacturers in Japan. We also own 51%, and SRI owns 49%, of a company that coordinates and disseminates both commercialized tire technology and non-commercialized technology among Goodyear and SRI, the joint ventures and their respective affiliates, and we own 80%, and SRI owns 20%, of a global purchasing company. The global alliance also provided for the investment by Goodyear and SRI in the common stock of the other. SRI has the right to require us to purchase its ownership interests in GDTE and GDTNA, which we refer to as ";exit rights,"; if there is a change in control of Goodyear, a bankruptcy of Goodyear or a breach, subject to notice and the opportunity to cure, of the global alliance agreements by Goodyear that has a material adverse effect on the rights of SRI or its affiliates under the global alliance agreements, taken as a whole. In addition, SRI has exit rights upon the occurrence of the following events: &#8226; the adoption or material revision of a business plan for GDTE or GDTNA if SRI disagrees with the adoption or revision; &#8226; certain acquisitions, investments or dispositions exceeding 10% but less than 20% of the fair market value of GDTE or GDTNA or the acquisition by GDTE or GDTNA of all or a material portion of another tire manufacturer or tire distributor; &#8226; if SRI decides not to subscribe to its pro rata share of any permitted new issue of non-voting equity capital authorized pursuant to the provisions of the shareholders agreements relating to GDTE or GDTNA; &#8226; if GDTE, GDTNA or Goodyear takes an action which, in the reasonable opinion of SRI, has, or is likely to have, a continuing material adverse effect on the tire business relating to the Dunlop brand; or &#8226; if at any time SRI';s ownership of the shares of GDTE or GDTNA is less than 10% of the equity capital of that joint venture company. SRI must give written notice to Goodyear of its intention to exercise its exit rights no later than three months from the date such exit rights became exercisable, except that notice of SRI';s intention to exercise its exit rights upon the occurrence of the event described in the last bullet point above may be given as long as SRI';s share ownership is less than 10%. If SRI were to exercise any of its exit rights, the global alliance agreements provide that the purchase price would be based on the fair value of SRI';s minority shareholder';s interest in GDTE and GDTNA. The purchase price would be determined through a negotiation process where, if no mutually agreed purchase price was determined, a binding arbitration process would determine the purchase price. Goodyear would retain the rights to the Dunlop brand in Europe and North America following any such purchase. As of the date of this filing, SRI has not provided us notice of any exit rights that have become exercisable. 3 Table of Contents N ORTH &#32;A MERICAN &#32;T IRE North American Tire, our largest segment in terms of revenue, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells tires and related products and services in the United States and Canada, and sells tires to various export markets, primarily through intersegment sales. North American Tire manufactures tires in seven plants in the United States and two plants in Canada. North American Tire manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, buses, earthmoving and mining equipment, commercial and military aviation and industrial equipment, and for various other applications. Goodyear brand radial passenger tire lines sold in the United States and Canada include the Assurance family of product lines -- Assurance TripleTred All-Season, Assurance ComforTred Touring and Assurance Fuel Max -- for the premium passenger and cross-over utility vehicle segments. The Eagle family of product lines, available for the high-performance segment, includes the Eagle F1 tire lines and the new Eagle Sport All-Season tire line. The Wrangler family of product lines -- including Wrangler DuraTrac, Wrangler SR-A, Wrangler MT/R with Kevlar and the new Wrangler All-Terrain Adventure -- targets the sport utility vehicle and light truck segments. The Goodyear brand also offers the Ultra Grip family of winter tires, including Ultra Grip Ice WRT and Ultra Grip Winter. Additionally, we offer Dunlop brand radial tire lines, including Signature II and SP Sport for the passenger and performance segments, Rover and Grandtrek tire lines for the cross-over, sport utility vehicle and light truck segment, and SP Winter, Graspic and Grandtrek tire lines for the winter tire segment. North American Tire also manufactures and sells several lines of Kelly brand radial tires for passenger cars and light trucks in the United States and Canada. North American Tire manufactures and sells all-steel, radial medium truck tires under the Goodyear, Dunlop and Kelly brands for use on commercial trucks and trailers. North American Tire also: &#8226; retreads truck, aviation and OTR tires, primarily as a service to its commercial customers, &#8226; manufactures tread rubber and other tire retreading materials for trucks, heavy equipment and aviation, &#8226; provides automotive maintenance and repair services at approximately 670 &#32;retail outlets primarily under the Goodyear or Just Tires names, &#8226; provides trucking fleets with new tires, retreads, mechanical service, preventative maintenance and roadside assistance from approximately 175 &#32;Wingfoot Commercial Centers, &#8226; sells automotive repair and maintenance items, automotive equipment and accessories and other items to dealers and consumers, &#8226; sells chemical and natural rubber products to Goodyear';s other business segments and to unaffiliated customers, and &#8226; provides miscellaneous other products and services. Markets and Other Information Tire unit sales to replacement customers and OE customers served by North American Tire during the periods indicated were: NORTH AMERICAN TIRE UNIT SALES -- REPLACEMENT AND OE Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 Replacement tire units 44.5 50.0 50.8 OE tire units 18.1 16.0 15.9 Total tire units 62.6 66.0 66.7 North American Tire is a major supplier of tires to most manufacturers of automobiles, motorcycles, trucks and aircraft that have production facilities located in North America. North American Tire';s primary competitors are Bridgestone and Michelin. Other significant competitors include Continental, Cooper and several Asian manufacturers. Goodyear, Dunlop and Kelly brand tires are sold in the United States and Canada through several channels of distribution. The principal channel for Goodyear brand tires is a large network of independent dealers. Goodyear, Dunlop and Kelly brand tires are also sold to numerous national and regional retail marketing firms in the United States. Several lines of private label brand tires are sold to independent dealers, national and regional wholesale marketing organizations and various other retail marketers. 4 Table of Contents We are subject to regulation by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (";NHTSA";), which has established various standards and regulations applicable to tires sold in the United States. NHTSA has the authority to order the recall of automotive products, including tires, having a defect related to motor vehicle safety. In addition, the Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation Act (the ";TREAD Act";) imposes numerous reporting requirements with respect to tires. The TREAD Act also requires tire manufacturers, among other things, to remedy tire safety defects without charge for five years and comply with revised and more rigorous tire testing standards. NHTSA is also in the process of establishing national tire labeling regulations, under which certain tires sold in the United States will be required to be rated for rolling resistance, traction and tread wear. E UROPE, &#32;M IDDLE &#32;E AST &#32;A ND &#32;A FRICA &#32;T IRE Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire, our second largest segment in terms of revenue, develops, manufactures, distributes and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, buses, aircraft, motorcycles, farm, earthmoving and mining equipment, and industrial equipment throughout Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and sells tires to various export markets, primarily through intersegment sales. EMEA manufactures tires in 16 &#32;plants in England, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Poland, Slovenia, South Africa and Turkey. EMEA: &#8226; manufactures and sells passenger car, truck, bus, motorcycle, farm and OTR tires under the Goodyear, Dunlop, Debica, Sava and Fulda brands and other house brands, &#8226; sells aviation tires, and manufactures and sells retreaded aviation tires, &#8226; provides various retreading and related services for truck and OTR tires, primarily for its commercial truck tire customers, &#8226; offers automotive repair services at retail outlets, and &#8226; provides miscellaneous other products and services. Markets and Other Information Tire unit sales to replacement customers and OE customers served by EMEA during the periods indicated were: EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA TIRE UNIT SALES -- REPLACEMENT AND OE Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 Replacement tire units 46.4 56.8 55.6 OE tire units 16.3 17.5 16.4 Total tire units 62.7 74.3 72.0 EMEA is a significant supplier of tires to most vehicle manufacturers across the region. EMEA';s main competitors are Michelin, Bridgestone, Continental, Pirelli, several regional and local tire producers and imports from other regions, primarily Asia. Goodyear and Dunlop brand tires are sold for replacement in EMEA through various channels of distribution, principally independent multi-brand tire dealers. In some areas, Goodyear brand tires, as well as Dunlop, Debica, Sava and Fulda brand tires, are distributed through independent dealers, regional distributors and retail outlets, of which approximately 150 &#32;are owned by Goodyear. Our European operations are subject to regulation by the European Union. In 2009, two important regulations, the Tire Safety Regulation and the Tire Labeling Regulation, applicable to tires sold in the European Union were adopted. The Tire Safety Regulation sets performance standards that tires for cars and light and commercial trucks need to meet for rolling resistance, wet grip braking (passenger car only) and noise in order to be sold in the European Union, and became effective beginning in 2012, with continuing phases that will become effective through 2020. The Tire Labeling Regulation applies to all passenger car, light truck and commercial truck tires produced after July 1, 2012 and requires, after November 1, 2012, that consumers be informed about the tire's fuel efficiency, wet grip and noise characteristics. 5 Table of Contents L ATIN A MERICAN &#32;T IRE Our Latin American Tire segment manufactures and sells automobile and truck tires throughout Central and South America and in Mexico, and sells tires to various export markets, primarily through intersegment sales. Latin American Tire manufactures tires in five plants in Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru and Venezuela. Latin American Tire manufactures and sells several lines of passenger and light and medium truck tires. Latin American Tire also: &#8226; manufactures and sells pre-cured treads for truck tires, &#8226; retreads, and provides various materials and related services for retreading, truck and aviation tires, &#8226; manufactures and sells new aviation tires, &#8226; manufactures other products, including OTR tires, and &#8226; provides miscellaneous other products and services. Markets and Other Information Tire unit sales to replacement customers and OE customers served by Latin American Tire during the periods indicated were: LATIN AMERICAN TIRE UNIT SALES -- REPLACEMENT AND OE Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 Replacement tire units 11.8 13.0 13.9 OE tire units 6.3 6.8 6.8 Total tire units 18.1 19.8 20.7 Latin American Tire is a significant supplier of tires to most manufacturers of automobiles, trucks and construction equipment located in the region. Goodyear brand tires are sold for replacement primarily through independent dealers. Significant competitors include Pirelli, Bridgestone, Michelin and Continental, and imports from other regions, primarily Asia. In 2012, Brazil adopted a tire labeling regulation, which takes effect in 2015 and sets requirements for tire certification and labeling for rolling resistance, wet grip braking and noise for all passenger car, light truck and commercial truck tires sold in that country. Final rules are being developed and are expected by the end of 2013. A SIA &#32;P ACIFIC &#32;T IRE Our Asia Pacific Tire segment manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, light and medium trucks, aircraft, and farm, earthmoving and mining equipment throughout the Asia Pacific region, and sells tires to various export markets, primarily through intersegment sales. Asia Pacific Tire manufactures tires in seven plants in China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and Thailand. We ceased manufacturing tires at our Dalian, China facility in the third quarter of 2012. Asia Pacific Tire also: &#8226; retreads truck tires and aviation tires, &#8226; manufactures tread rubber and other tire retreading materials for aviation tires, &#8226; provides automotive maintenance and repair services at retail outlets, and &#8226; provides miscellaneous other products and services. Markets and Other Information Tire unit sales to replacement customers and OE customers served by Asia Pacific Tire during the periods indicated were: ASIA PACIFIC TIRE UNIT SALES -- REPLACEMENT AND OE Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 2010 Replacement tire units 11.7 12.4 12.7 OE tire units 8.9 8.1 8.7 Total tire units 20.6 20.5 21.4 6 Table of Contents Asia Pacific Tire';s major competitors are Bridgestone and Michelin along with many other global brands present in different areas, including Continental, Dunlop, Yokohama, Pirelli, and a large number of regional and local tire producers. Asia Pacific Tire sells primarily Goodyear brand tires throughout the region and also sells the Dunlop brand in Australia and New Zealand. Other brands of tires, such as Kelly, Fulda and Sava, are sold in smaller quantities. Tires are sold through a network of licensed and franchised retail stores and multi-brand retailers through a network of wholesale dealers. In Australia and New Zealand, we also operate a network of approximately 320 &#32;retail stores under the Beaurepaires brand. GENERAL BUSINESS INFORMATION Sources and Availability of Raw Materials The principal raw materials used by Goodyear are natural and synthetic rubber. Natural rubber typically accounts for approximately half of all rubber consumed by us on an annual basis. We purchase all of our requirements for natural rubber in the world market. Our plants located in Beaumont and Houston, Texas supply the major portion of our global synthetic rubber requirements. Other important raw materials and components we use are carbon black, steel cord, fabrics and petrochemical-based commodities. Substantially all of these raw materials and components are purchased from independent suppliers, except for certain chemicals we manufacture. We purchase most raw materials and components in significant quantities from several suppliers, except in those instances where only one or a few qualified sources are available. We anticipate the continued availability of all raw materials and components we will require during 2013 , subject to spot shortages and unexpected disruptions caused by natural disasters such as hurricanes and other similar events. Substantial quantities of fuel and other petrochemical-based commodities are used in the production of tires, synthetic rubber and other products. Supplies of such fuels and commodities have been and are expected to continue to be available to us in quantities sufficient to satisfy our anticipated requirements, subject to spot shortages. In 2012 , raw material costs increased by approximately 7% in our tire businesses compared to 2011, primarily driven by an increase in the cost of synthetic rubber and carbon black. For the full year of 2013, we expect our raw material costs will be lower than 2012. However, natural and synthetic rubber prices and other commodity prices have experienced significant volatility, and this estimate could change significantly based on fluctuations in the cost of these and other key raw materials. Patents and Trademarks We own approximately 2,200 &#32;product, process and equipment patents issued by the United States Patent Office and approximately 3,600 &#32;patents issued or granted in other countries around the world. We have approximately 500 &#32;applications for United States patents pending and approximately 2,300 &#32;patent applications on file in other countries around the world. While such patents and patent applications as a group are important, we do not consider any patent or patent application to be of such importance that the loss or expiration thereof would materially affect Goodyear or any business segment. We own, control or use approximately 1,600 &#32;different trademarks, including several using the word ";Goodyear"; or the word ";Dunlop."; Approximately 12,300 &#32;registrations and 600 &#32;pending applications worldwide protect these trademarks. While such trademarks as a group are important, the only trademarks we consider material to our business, or to the business of any of our segments, are those using the word ";Goodyear,"; and with respect to certain of our international business segments, those using the word ";Dunlop."; We believe our trademarks are valid and most are of unlimited duration as long as they are adequately protected and appropriately used. Backlog Our backlog of orders is not considered material to, or a significant factor in, evaluating and understanding any of our business segments or our businesses considered as a whole. 7 Table of Contents Research and Development Our direct and indirect expenditures on research, development and certain engineering activities relating to the design, development and significant modification of new and existing products and services and the formulation and design of new, and significant improvements to existing, manufacturing processes and equipment during the periods indicated were: Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Research and development expenditures $370 $369 $342 Employees At December 31, 2012 , we employed approximately 69,000 full-time and temporary people throughout the world, including approximately 36,000 people covered under collective bargaining agreements. Approximately 8,000 &#32;of our employees in the United States are covered by a master collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers (";USW";), which expires in July 2013. Approximately 23,000 &#32;of our employees outside of the United States are covered by union contracts which currently have expired or that will expire in 2013 , primarily in Germany, France, Poland, Brazil, China and Venezuela. In addition, approximately 1,000 &#32;of our employees in the United States are covered by other contracts with the USW and various other unions. Unions represent the major portion of our employees in Europe, Latin America and Asia. Compliance with Environmental Regulations We are subject to extensive regulation under environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, air emissions, discharges to surface and underground waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste materials and hazardous substances. We have several continuing programs designed to ensure compliance with Federal, state and local environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. We expect capital expenditures for pollution control facilities and occupational safety and health projects to be approximately $ 42 million during 2013 &#32;and approximately $ 53 million during 2014 . We expended approximately $ 48 million during 2012 , and expect to expend approximately $ 51 million and $ 52 million during 2013 &#32;and 2014 , respectively, to maintain and operate our pollution control facilities and conduct our other environmental activities, including the control and disposal of hazardous substances. These expenditures are expected to be sufficient to comply with existing environmental laws and regulations and are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive position. In the future, we may incur increased costs and additional charges associated with environmental compliance and cleanup projects necessitated by the identification of new waste sites, the impact of new environmental laws and regulatory standards, or the availability of new technologies. Compliance with Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations in the future may require a material increase in our capital expenditures and could adversely affect our earnings and competitive position. INFORMATION ABOUT INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS We engage in manufacturing and/or sales operations in most countries in the world, often through subsidiary companies. We have manufacturing operations in 22 &#32;countries, including the United States. Most of our international manufacturing operations are engaged in the production of tires. Certain other products are also manufactured in plants located outside the United States. Financial information related to our geographic areas for the three year period ended December 31, 2012 &#32;appears in the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 7, Business Segments, and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition to the ordinary risks of the marketplace, in some countries our operations are affected by price controls, import controls, labor regulations, tariffs, extreme inflation and/or fluctuations in currency values. Furthermore, in certain countries where we operate, transfers of funds into or out of such countries are generally or periodically subject to certain requirements. See ";Item 1A. Risk Factors"; for a discussion of the risks related to our international operations. 8 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Set forth below are: (1) the names and ages of all executive officers of the Company at February 12, 2013, (2) all positions with the Company presently held by each such person and (3) the positions held by, and principal areas of responsibility of, each such person during the last five years. Name Position(s) Held Age Richard J. Kramer Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 49 Mr. Kramer was elected Chief Executive Officer and President effective April 13, 2010 and Chairman effective October 1, 2010. He is the principal executive officer of the Company. Mr. Kramer joined Goodyear in March 2000 and has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (June 2004 to August 2007), President, North American Tire (March 2007 to February 2010) and Chief Operating Officer (June 2009 to April 2010). Darren R. Wells Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 47 Mr. Wells was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in October 2008. He is Goodyear's principal financial officer. Mr. Wells joined Goodyear in August 2002 and has served as Senior Vice President, Business Development and Treasurer (May 2005 to March 2007) and Senior Vice President, Finance and Strategy (March 2007 to October 2008). Stephen R. McClellan President, North American Tire 47 Mr. McClellan was named President, North American Tire on August 18, 2011. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's operations in North America. Mr. McClellan joined Goodyear in 1988 and has served as Vice President, Goodyear Commercial Tire Systems (September 2003 to August 2008) and President, Consumer Tires, North American Tire (August 2008 to August 2011). Arthur de Bok President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 50 Mr. de Bok was named President, Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire effective February 1, 2008. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Mr. de Bok joined Goodyear in January 2002 and has served as President, European Union Tire (September 2005 to January 2008). Jaime Cohen Szulc President, Latin American Tire 50 Mr. Szulc joined Goodyear as President, Latin American Tire in September 2010. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's operations in Mexico, Central America and South America. Prior to joining Goodyear, Mr. Szulc was Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Levi Strauss & Co., a global apparel company, from August 2009 until August 2010. He was also previously employed by Eastman Kodak Company, a global manufacturer of imaging technology products, from 1998 until March 2009, including most recently as Managing Director, Global Customer Operations and Chief Operating Officer for the Consumer Digital Group and Corporate Vice President. Daniel L. Smytka President, Asia Pacific Tire 50 Mr. Smytka was named President, Asia Pacific Tire on November 14, 2011. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's operations in Asia, Australia and the Western Pacific. Mr. Smytka joined Goodyear in October 2008 and has served as Vice President, Consumer Tires, Asia Pacific Region (October 2008 to October 2010) and Vice President and Program Manager, Asia Pacific Region (October 2010 to November 2011). Prior to joining Goodyear, he was President, North American Building Systems & Services of Carrier Corp., a global provider of heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration solutions, from April 2007 to October 2008. David L. Bialosky Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 55 Mr. Bialosky joined Goodyear as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in September 2009. He is Goodyear's chief legal officer. Prior to joining Goodyear, Mr. Bialosky served in legal positions of increasing responsibility at TRW Inc., TRW Automotive Inc. and TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. for 20 years, including most recently as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., a global supplier of automotive parts, from April 2004 until September 2009. 9 Table of Contents Name Position(s) Held Age Paul Fitzhenry Senior Vice President, Global Communications 53 Mr. Fitzhenry joined Goodyear as Senior Vice President, Global Communications on October 8, 2012. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's communications activities worldwide, including the operations of Goodyear's blimps. Prior to joining Goodyear, he was Vice President of Corporate Communications of Tyco International, a diversified global industrial company, from 2007 until September 2012. Jean-Claude Kihn Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Goodyear Brazil 53 Mr. Kihn was named Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Goodyear Brazil on December 3, 2012. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's operations in Brazil. Mr. Kihn joined Goodyear in 1988 and has served as General Director of Goodyear's Technical Center in Akron, Ohio (July 2005 to January 2008) and Senior Vice President and Chief Technical Officer (January 2008 to December 2012). Joseph B. Ruocco Senior Vice President, Global Human Resources 53 Mr. Ruocco joined Goodyear as Senior Vice President, Human Resources in August 2008. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's human resources activities worldwide. Prior to joining Goodyear, Mr. Ruocco served in human resources positions of increasing responsibility at General Electric Company for 23 years, including as Vice President, Human Resources, GE Industrial from December 2006 to July 2008. Gregory L. Smith Senior Vice President, Global Operations 49 Mr. Smith joined Goodyear as Senior Vice President, Global Operations on October 24, 2011. He is the executive officer responsible for Goodyear's global manufacturing and related supply chain activities. Prior to joining Goodyear, Mr. Smith served in operations, manufacturing and supply chain positions of increasing responsibility at ConAgra Foods, a packaged foods company, since 2001, including most recently as Executive Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations from December 2007 to September 2011. Richard J. Noechel Vice President and Controller 44 Mr. Noechel became Vice President and Controller effective March 1, 2011. He is Goodyear's principal accounting officer. Mr. Noechel joined Goodyear in October 2004 and has served as Chief Financial Officer of Goodyear's South Pacific Tyre subsidiary in Australia (April 2006 to February 2008), Vice President and Controller (March 2008 to December 2008) and Vice President, Finance, North American Tire (December 2008 to March 2011). No family relationship exists between any of the above executive officers or between the executive officers and any director of the Company. Each executive officer is elected by the Board of Directors of the Company at its annual meeting to a term of one year or until his or her successor is duly elected. In those instances where the person is elected at other than an annual meeting, such person';s term will expire at the next annual meeting. 10 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. You should carefully consider the risks described below and other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K when considering an investment decision with respect to our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the events discussed in the risk factors below may occur. If they do, our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity could be materially adversely affected. In such an instance, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. If we do not successfully implement our strategic initiatives, our operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected. Our business continues to be impacted by trends that have negatively affected the tire industry in general, as the economic recovery in developed markets was impacted by uncertainty surrounding debt and other fiscal policy issues in Europe and the United States and continued high levels of unemployment. These negative trends include volatile raw material costs, rising energy costs, wage inflation in emerging markets, and continued pressure from our unfunded pension obligations. In addition, global tire industry demand continues to be difficult to predict. If these overall trends continue or worsen, then our operational and financial condition could be adversely affected. Unlike most other tire manufacturers, we also face the continuing burden of significant legacy pension costs. In order to offset the impact of these trends, we have announced important strategic initiatives, such as increasing our low-cost manufacturing capacity, reducing our high-cost manufacturing capacity, such as the announced closure of one of our facilities in Amiens, France, increasing sales in emerging markets, improving the profitability of our EMEA segment, and funding our U.S. pension plans once frozen. We are also undertaking significant capital investments in new, expanded and modernized manufacturing facilities around the world. The failure to implement successfully our important strategic initiatives may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. The announced closure of one of our facilities in Amiens, France remains subject to consultation with the European Central Works Council, our employee representatives and other relevant bodies in the EMEA region. As the required consultation process has just begun, we are not able to currently estimate the timing of plan completion nor can we assure you of the ultimate outcome of the consultation process. Implementation of our pension funding strategy depends on, among other things, our ability to access the debt capital markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to access those markets on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. See the risk factor below concerning our ability to access the capital markets, ";Our long term ability to meet our obligations, to repay maturing indebtedness or to implement strategic initiatives may be dependent on our ability to access capital markets in the future and to improve our operating results."; Our performance is also dependent on our ability to continue to improve the proportion, or mix, of higher margin tires we sell. In order to continue this improvement, we must be successful in marketing and selling products that offer higher margins such as the Assurance, Fuel Max, Eagle, Ultra Grip and Fortera lines of tires and in developing additional higher margin tires that achieve broad market acceptance. Shifts in consumer demand away from higher margin tires could materially adversely affect our business. We cannot assure you that our strategic initiatives will be successful. If not, we may not be able to achieve or sustain future profitability, which would impair our ability to meet our debt and other obligations and would otherwise negatively affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Our pension plans are significantly underfunded and, in the future, the underfunding levels of our pension plans and our pension expense could materially increase. Although we have frozen a number of our pension plans globally, including our U.S. salaried pension plans, and closed participation in our primary U.S. hourly pension plan, many of our employees participate in, and many of our former employees are entitled to benefits under, defined benefit pension plans. Over time, we have experienced periods of declines in interest rates and pension asset values. As a result, our pension plans are significantly underfunded. Further declines in interest rates or the market values of the securities held by the plans, or certain other changes, could materially increase the underfunded status of our plans in 2013 and beyond and affect the level and timing of required contributions in 2014 and beyond. For further information regarding the investment funds and strategies of our pension plans, see ";Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Overview -- Pension and Benefit Plans"; and the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 16, Pension, Other Postretirement Benefits and Savings Plans. The unfunded amount of the projected benefit obligation for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans was $2,656 million &#32;and $866 million , respectively, at December 31, 2012 , and we currently estimate that we will be required to make contributions to our funded U.S. pension plans of approximately $175 million &#32;to $200 million &#32;in 2013, and $375 million &#32;to $425 million &#32;in 2014. The current underfunded status of our pension plans will, and a further 11 Table of Contents material increase in the underfunded status of the plans would, significantly increase our required contributions and pension expense, which could impair our ability to achieve or sustain future profitability and adversely affect our financial condition. We face significant global competition and our market share could decline. New tires are sold under highly competitive conditions throughout the world. We compete with other tire manufacturers on the basis of product design, performance, price and terms, reputation, warranty terms, customer service and consumer convenience. On a worldwide basis, we have two major competitors, Bridgestone (based in Japan) and Michelin (based in France), that have large shares of the markets of the countries in which they are based and are aggressively seeking to maintain or improve their worldwide market share. Other significant competitors include Continental, Cooper, Hankook, Kumho, Pirelli, Toyo, Yokohama and various regional tire manufacturers. Our competitors produce significant numbers of tires in low-cost countries, and have announced plans to further increase their production capacity in low-cost countries. Our ability to compete successfully will depend, in significant part, on our ability to continue to innovate and manufacture the types of tires demanded by consumers, and to reduce costs by such means as reducing excess and high-cost capacity, leveraging global purchasing, improving productivity, eliminating redundancies and increasing production at low-cost supply sources. If we are unable to compete successfully, our market share may decline, materially adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. Higher raw material and energy costs may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Raw material costs increased significantly over the past few years, and may continue to do so, driven by increases in prices of natural and synthetic rubber, carbon black and petrochemical-based commodities. Market conditions or contractual obligations may prevent us from passing these increased costs on to our customers through timely price increases. Additionally, higher raw material costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. As a result, higher raw material and energy costs could result in declining margins and operating results and adversely affect our financial condition. The volatility of raw material costs may cause our margins, operating results and liquidity to fluctuate. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our primary collective bargaining contracts with our labor unions as they expire from time to time, or if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. We are a party to collective bargaining contracts with our labor unions, which represent a significant number of our employees. Our master collective bargaining agreement with the USW covers approximately 8,000 &#32;employees in the United States at December 31, 2012, and expires July 27, 2013. In addition, approximately 23,000 &#32;of our employees outside of the United States are covered by union contracts that have expired or are expiring in 2013, primarily in Germany, France, Poland, Brazil, China and Venezuela. Although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, no assurance can be given that we will be able to successfully extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements as they expire from time to time. If we fail to extend or renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, if disputes with our unions arise, or if our unionized workers engage in a strike or other work stoppage or interruption, we could experience a significant disruption of, or inefficiencies in, our operations or incur higher labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity. Our long term ability to meet our obligations, to repay maturing indebtedness or to implement strategic initiatives may be dependent on our ability to access capital markets in the future and to improve our operating results. The adequacy of our liquidity depends on our ability to achieve an appropriate combination of operating improvements, financing from third parties and access to capital markets. We may need to undertake additional financing actions in the capital markets in order to ensure that our future liquidity requirements are addressed or to implement strategic initiatives. These actions may include the issuance of additional debt or equity. Our access to the capital markets cannot be assured and is dependent on, among other things, the ability and willingness of financial institutions to extend credit on terms that are acceptable to us, or to honor future draws on our existing lines of credit, and the degree of success we have in implementing our strategic initiatives and improving the results of our EMEA segment and sustaining our results in our North American Tire segment. Concerns regarding the effect of the European sovereign debt crisis on financial institutions in Europe and elsewhere could have an adverse impact on the European and global capital markets and on our ability to access those markets to finance our European business or our business globally. Future liquidity requirements, or our inability to access cash deposits or make draws on our lines of credit, also may make it necessary for us to incur additional debt. A substantial portion of our assets is subject to liens securing our indebtedness. As a result, we are limited in our ability to pledge our remaining assets as security for additional secured indebtedness. 12 Table of Contents Our inability to access the capital markets or incur additional debt in the future could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and operations, and could require us to consider further measures, including deferring planned capital expenditures or our pension funding strategy, reducing discretionary spending, selling additional assets and restructuring existing debt. Financial difficulties, work stoppages, supply disruptions or economic conditions affecting our major OE customers, dealers or suppliers could harm our business. The economic recovery in developed markets has been negatively impacted by uncertainty surrounding debt and other fiscal policy issues in Europe and the United States and continued high levels of unemployment. As a result of these economic conditions, our tire unit shipments in 2012 were down 9.2% compared to 2011, and automotive vehicle production and global tire industry demand continues to be difficult to predict. Although sales to our OE customers account for less than 25% of our net sales, demand for our products by OE customers and production levels at our facilities are impacted by automotive vehicle production. We may experience future declines in sales volume due to declines in new vehicle sales, the discontinuation or sale of certain OE brands, platforms or programs, or weakness in the demand for replacement tires, which could result in us incurring under-absorbed fixed costs at our production facilities or slowing the rate at which we are able to recover those costs. Automotive production can also be affected by labor relation issues, financial difficulties or supply disruptions. Our OE customers could experience production disruptions resulting from their own or supplier labor, financial or supply difficulties. Such events may cause an OE customer to reduce or suspend vehicle production. As a result, an OE customer could halt or significantly reduce purchases of our products, which would harm our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, the bankruptcy, restructuring or consolidation of one or more of our major OE customers, dealers or suppliers could result in the write-off of accounts receivable, a reduction in purchases of our products or a supply disruption to our facilities, which could negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our capital expenditures may not be adequate to maintain our competitive position and may not be implemented in a timely or cost-effective manner. Our capital expenditures are limited by our liquidity and capital resources and the amount we have available for capital spending is limited by the need to pay our other expenses and to maintain adequate cash reserves and borrowing capacity to meet unexpected demands that may arise. We believe that our ratio of capital expenditures to sales is lower than the comparable ratio for our principal competitors. Productivity improvements through process re-engineering, design efficiency and manufacturing cost improvements may be required to offset potential increases in labor and raw material costs and competitive price pressures. In addition, as part of our strategy to increase the percentage of tires that are produced at our lower-cost production facilities and to increase our capacity to produce higher margin tires, we may need to modernize or expand our facilities. For example, we made a significant investment in a new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China, which began tire production in 2011. We are also currently undertaking significant expansion and modernization projects at our manufacturing facilities in Santiago, Chile; Tatsuno, Japan; Americana, Brazil; Lawton, Oklahoma; and throughout EMEA in connection with new European tire labeling requirements. We may not have sufficient resources to implement planned capital expenditures with minimal disruption to our existing manufacturing operations, or within desired time frames and budgets. Any disruption to our operations, delay in implementing capital improvements or unexpected costs may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. If we are unable to make sufficient capital expenditures, or to maximize the efficiency of the capital expenditures we do make, we may be unable to achieve productivity improvements, which may harm our competitive position. In addition, plant modernizations may temporarily disrupt our manufacturing operations and lead to temporary increases in our costs. 13 Table of Contents We have a substantial amount of debt, which could restrict our growth, place us at a competitive disadvantage or otherwise materially adversely affect our financial health. We have a substantial amount of debt. As of December 31, 2012 , our debt (including capital leases) on a consolidated basis was approximately $5.1 billion. Our substantial amount of debt and other obligations could have important consequences. For example, it could: &#8226; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; &#8226; impair our ability to obtain financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, pension funding, research and development, acquisitions or general corporate requirements; &#8226; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; &#8226; limit our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we would need to dedicate a substantial portion of these funds for payments on our indebtedness; &#8226; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and &#8226; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors. The agreements governing our debt, including our credit agreements, limit, but do not prohibit, us from incurring additional debt and we may incur a significant amount of additional debt in the future, including additional secured debt. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, our ability to satisfy our debt obligations may become more limited. Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance, our debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to our ability to implement our strategic initiatives, prevailing economic conditions and certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service and other obligations, including required pension contributions, we may be forced to reduce or delay expansion plans and capital expenditures or our pension funding strategy, sell material assets or operations, obtain additional capital or restructure our debt. We cannot assure you that our operating performance, cash flow and capital resources will be sufficient to pay our debt obligations when they become due. We cannot assure you that we would be able to dispose of material assets or operations or restructure our debt or other obligations if necessary or, even if we were able to take such actions, that we could do so on terms that are acceptable to us. Any failure to be in compliance with any material provision or covenant of our debt instruments, or a material reduction in the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and operations. The indentures and other agreements governing our secured credit facilities, senior unsecured notes and our other outstanding indebtedness impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. These restrictions limit our ability to, among other things: &#8226; incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock; &#8226; pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments; &#8226; incur liens; &#8226; sell assets; &#8226; incur restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us; &#8226; enter into affiliate transactions; &#8226; engage in sale/leaseback transactions; and &#8226; engage in certain mergers or consolidations or transfers of substantially all of our assets. Availability under our first lien revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory. To the extent that our eligible accounts receivable and inventory decline, our borrowing base will decrease and the availability under that facility may decrease below its stated amount. In addition, if at any time the amount of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit under that facility exceeds the borrowing base, we are required to prepay borrowings and/or cash collateralize letters of credit sufficient to eliminate the excess. Our ability to comply with these covenants or to maintain our borrowing base may be affected by events beyond our control, including deteriorating economic conditions, and these events could require us to seek waivers or amendments of covenants or alternative sources of financing or to reduce expenditures. We cannot assure you that such waivers, amendments or alternative financing could be obtained, or if obtained, would be on terms acceptable to us. A breach of any of the covenants or restrictions contained in any of our existing or future financing agreements, including the financial covenants in our secured credit facilities, could result in an event of default under those agreements. Such a default could allow the lenders under our financing agreements, if the agreements so provide, to discontinue lending, to accelerate the related debt as well as any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, and/or to declare all borrowings 14 Table of Contents outstanding thereunder to be due and payable. In addition, the lenders could terminate any commitments they have to provide us with further funds. If any of these events occur, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient funds available to pay in full the total amount of obligations that become due as a result of any such acceleration, or that we will be able to find additional or alternative financing to refinance any such accelerated obligations. Even if we obtain additional or alternative financing, we cannot assure you that it would be on terms that would be acceptable to us. We cannot assure you that we will be able to remain in compliance with the covenants to which we are subject in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from our lenders or amend the covenants. Our international operations have certain risks that may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. We have manufacturing and distribution facilities throughout the world. Our international operations are subject to certain inherent risks, including: &#8226; exposure to local economic conditions; &#8226; adverse changes in the diplomatic relations of foreign countries with the United States; &#8226; hostility from local populations and insurrections; &#8226; adverse foreign currency fluctuations; &#8226; adverse currency exchange controls; &#8226; withholding taxes and restrictions on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings; &#8226; labor regulations; &#8226; expropriations of property; &#8226; the potential instability of foreign governments; &#8226; risks of renegotiation or modification of existing agreements with governmental authorities; &#8226; export and import restrictions; and &#8226; other changes in laws or government policies. The likelihood of such occurrences and their potential effect on us vary from country to country and are unpredictable. Certain regions, including Latin America, Asia, the Middle East and Africa, are inherently more economically and politically volatile and as a result, our business units that operate in these regions could be subject to significant fluctuations in sales and operating income from quarter to quarter. Because a significant percentage of our operating income in recent years has come from these regions, adverse fluctuations in the operating results in these regions could have a disproportionate impact on our results of operations in future periods. For example, the European sovereign debt crisis has negatively affected economic conditions in Europe and globally. Our EMEA segment contributed 33% of our net sales and 20% of our total segment operating income in 2012. If the European sovereign debt crisis continues or deepens, economic conditions in Europe may further deteriorate. In that case, our business in Europe and elsewhere, as well as the businesses of our customers and suppliers, may be adversely affected. As a further example, since 2003, Venezuela has imposed currency exchange controls that fix the exchange rate between the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte and the U.S. dollar and restrict the ability to exchange bolivares fuertes for dollars. These restrictions have delayed and limited our ability to pay third-party and affiliated suppliers and to otherwise repatriate funds from Venezuela, and may continue to do so, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In addition, if we are unable to pay these suppliers in a timely manner, they may cease supplying us. Venezuela has also imposed restrictions on the importation of certain raw materials. If these suppliers cease supplying us or we are unable to import necessary raw materials, we may need to reduce or halt production in Venezuela, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. We have material bolivar fuerte-denominated net monetary assets and liabilities in Venezuela, the value of which will be correspondingly reduced in the event of a devaluation of the bolivar fuerte by the Venezuelan government. The future results of our Venezuelan operations will be affected by many factors, including actions by the Venezuelan government such as further currency devaluations, economic conditions in Venezuela such as inflation and consumer spending, and the availability of raw materials, utilities and energy. Goodyear Venezuela contributes a significant portion of the sales and operating income of our Latin American Tire segment. As a result, any disruption of Goodyear Venezuela';s operations or of our ability to pay suppliers or repatriate funds from Venezuela could have a material adverse impact on the future performance of our Latin American Tire segment and could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include import and export laws, anti-competition laws, anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, data privacy requirements, tax laws, and 15 Table of Contents accounting, internal control and disclosure requirements. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in civil and criminal fines, penalties and sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our reputation, business and results of operations. In certain foreign jurisdictions, there is a higher risk of fraud or corruption and greater difficulty in maintaining effective internal controls and compliance programs. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies or applicable laws and regulations. We have foreign currency translation and transaction risks that may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. The financial position and results of operations of many of our international subsidiaries are initially recorded in various foreign currencies and then translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies ordinarily has a negative impact on our reported sales and operating margin (and conversely, the weakening of the U.S. dollar against these foreign currencies has a positive impact). For the year ended December 31, 2012 , foreign currency translation unfavorably affected sales by $766 million and unfavorably affected segment operating income by $34 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2011 . The volatility of currency exchange rates may materially adversely affect our operating results. We have material euro-denominated net monetary assets and liabilities. If the European sovereign debt crisis leads to a significant devaluation of the euro, the value of our euro-denominated net monetary assets and liabilities would be correspondingly reduced when translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our financial statements. Similarly, the re-introduction of certain individual country currencies or the complete dissolution of the euro, could adversely affect the value of our euro-denominated net monetary assets and liabilities. In either case, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, which would require us to use more of our available cash to service our indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into swap agreements or other hedging arrangements in the future, or that existing or future hedging arrangements will offset increases in interest rates. As of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $1.9 billion of variable rate debt outstanding. We have substantial fixed costs and, as a result, our operating income fluctuates disproportionately with changes in our net sales. We operate with significant operating and financial leverage. Significant portions of our manufacturing, selling, administrative and general expenses are fixed costs that neither increase nor decrease proportionately with sales. In addition, a significant portion of our interest expense is fixed. There can be no assurance that we would be able to reduce our fixed costs proportionately in response to a decline in our net sales and therefore our competitiveness could be significantly impacted. As a result, a decline in our net sales would result in a higher percentage decline in our income from operations and net income. We may incur significant costs in connection with our contingent liabilities and tax matters. We have significant reserves for contingent liabilities and tax matters. The major categories of our contingent liabilities include workers' compensation, product liability and other tort claims, including asbestos claims, and environmental matters. Our recorded liabilities and estimates of reasonably possible losses for our contingent liabilities are based on our assessment of potential liability using the information available to us at the time and, where applicable, any past experience and recent and current trends with respect to similar matters. Our contingent liabilities are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable judicial or administrative decisions could occur which we did not anticipate. Such an unfavorable decision could include monetary damages, fines or other penalties or an injunction prohibiting us from taking certain actions or selling certain products. If such an unfavorable decision were to occur, it could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the decision occurs, or in future periods. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations, including with respect to transfer pricing. While we apply consistent transfer pricing policies and practices globally, support transfer prices through economic studies, seek advance pricing agreements and joint audits to the extent possible and believe our transfer prices to be appropriate, such transfer prices, and related interpretations of tax laws, are occasionally challenged by various taxing 16 Table of Contents authorities globally. We have received various tax assessments challenging our interpretations of applicable tax laws in various jurisdictions. Although we believe we have complied with applicable tax laws, have strong positions and defenses and have historically been successful in defending such claims, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected in the case we are unsuccessful in the defense of existing or future claims. For further information regarding our contingent liabilities and tax matters, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements, No. 18 , Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. For further information regarding our accounting policies with respect to certain of our contingent liabilities and uncertain income tax positions, refer to ";Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Critical Accounting Policies."; We may be required to provide letters of credit or post cash collateral if we are subject to a significant adverse judgment or if we are unable to obtain surety bonds, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. We are subject to various legal proceedings. If we wish to appeal any future adverse judgment in any of these proceedings, we may be required to post an appeal bond with the relevant court. In that case, we may be required to issue a letter of credit to the surety posting the bond. We may issue up to an aggregate of $800 million in letters of credit under our $2.0 billion U.S. senior secured first lien credit facility. As of December 31, 2012 , we had $400 million in letters of credit issued and $1,239 million of remaining availability under this facility. If we are subject to a significant adverse judgment and do not have sufficient availability under our credit facilities to issue a letter of credit to support an appeal bond, we may be required to pay down borrowings under the facilities or deposit cash collateral in order to stay the enforcement of the judgment pending an appeal. If we are unable to post cash collateral, we may be unable to stay enforcement of the judgment. Under standard terms in the surety market, sureties issue or continue bonds on a case-by-case basis and can decline to issue bonds at any time or require the posting of collateral as a condition to issuing or renewing any bonds. If surety providers were to limit or eliminate our access to bonding, we would need to post other forms of collateral, such as letters of credit or cash. As described above, we may be unable to secure sufficient letters of credit under our credit facilities. If we were subject to a significant adverse judgment or experienced an interruption or reduction in the availability of bonding capacity, we may be required to provide letters of credit or post cash collateral, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. We are subject to extensive government regulations that may materially adversely affect our operating results. We are subject to regulation by the Department of Transportation through the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, or NHTSA, which has established various standards and regulations applicable to tires sold in the United States and tires sold in a foreign country that are identical or substantially similar to tires sold in the United States. NHTSA has the authority to order the recall of automotive products, including tires, having safety-related defects. The Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability, and Documentation Act, or TREAD Act, imposes numerous requirements with respect to the early warning reporting of warranty claims, property damage claims, and bodily injury and fatality claims and also requires tire manufacturers, among other things, to comply with revised and more rigorous tire testing standards. Compliance with the TREAD Act regulations has increased the cost of producing and distributing tires in the United States. In addition, while we believe that our tires are free from design and manufacturing defects, it is possible that a recall of our tires, under the TREAD Act or otherwise, could occur in the future. A substantial recall could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial position. In addition, as required by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, NHTSA will establish a national tire fuel efficiency consumer information program. When the related rule-making process is completed, certain tires sold in the United States will be required to be rated for rolling resistance, traction and tread wear. While the Federal law will preempt state tire fuel efficiency laws adopted after January 1, 2006, we may become subject to additional tire fuel efficiency legislation, either in the United States or other countries. Our European operations are subject to regulation by the European Union. In 2009, two important regulations, the Tire Safety Regulation and the Tire Labeling Regulation, applicable to tires sold in the European Union were adopted. The Tire Safety Regulation sets performance standards that tires for cars and light and commercial trucks need to meet for rolling resistance, wet grip braking (passenger car only) and noise in order to be sold in the European Union, and became effective beginning in 2012, with continuing phases that will become effective through 2020. The Tire Labeling Regulation applies to all passenger car, light truck and commercial truck tires produced after July 1, 2012 and requires, after November 1, 2012, that consumers be informed about the tire's fuel efficiency, wet grip and noise characteristics. Other countries, such as Brazil, have also adopted tire labeling regulations, and additional countries may also introduce similar regulations in the future. Tires produced or sold in Europe also have to comply with various other standards, including environmental laws such as REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemical Substances), which regulates the use of chemicals in the 17 Table of Contents European Union. For example, since January 1, 2010, REACH has prohibited the use of highly aromatic oils in tires, which were used as compounding components to improve certain performance characteristics. These U.S. and European regulations, rules adopted to implement these regulations, or other similar regulations that may be adopted in the United States, Europe or elsewhere in the future may require us to alter or increase our capital spending and research and development plans or cease the production of certain tires, which could have a material adverse affect on our operating results. Laws and regulations governing environmental and occupational safety and health are complicated, change frequently and have tended to become stricter over time. As a manufacturing company, we are subject to these laws and regulations both inside and outside the United States. We may not be in complete compliance with such laws and regulations at all times. Our costs or liabilities relating to them may be more than the amount we have reserved, and that difference may be material. In addition, our manufacturing facilities may become subject to further limitations on the emission of ";greenhouse gases"; due to public policy concerns regarding climate change issues or other environmental or health and safety concerns. While the form of any additional regulations cannot be predicted, a ";cap-and-trade"; system similar to the one adopted in the European Union could be adopted in the United States. Any such ";cap-and-trade"; system (including the system currently in place in the European Union) or other limitations imposed on the emission of ";greenhouse gases"; could require us to increase our capital expenditures, use our cash to acquire emission credits or restructure our manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse affect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Compliance with the laws and regulations described above or any of the myriad of applicable foreign, Federal, state and local laws and regulations currently in effect or that may be adopted in the future could materially adversely affect our competitive position, operating results, financial condition and liquidity. The terms and conditions of our global alliance with Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. provide for exit rights available to SRI upon the occurrence of certain events, which could require us to make a substantial payment to acquire SRI';s interest in our European and North American joint ventures. Under the global alliance agreements between us and SRI, SRI has the right to require us to purchase its ownership interests in GDTE and GDTNA if certain triggering events have occurred, including certain bankruptcy events, changes in control of Goodyear or breaches of the global alliance agreements. Any payment required to be made to SRI pursuant to an exit under the terms of the global alliance agreements could be substantial. We cannot assure you that our operating performance, cash flow and capital resources would be sufficient to make such a payment or, if we were able to make the payment, that there would be sufficient funds remaining to satisfy our other obligations. The withdrawal of SRI from the global alliance could also have other adverse effects on our business, including the loss of purchasing synergies. For further information regarding our global alliance with SRI, including the events that could trigger SRI';s exit rights, see ";Item 1. Business. Description of Goodyear';s Business -- Global Alliance."; We may be adversely affected by any disruption in, or failure of, our information technology systems. We rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology, or IT, systems across all of our major business functions, including our research and development, manufacturing, retail, financial and administrative functions. We also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing upgrades when necessary. Our security measures are focused on the prevention, detection and remediation of damage from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack and other similar disruptions. We may incur significant costs in order to implement the security measures that we feel are necessary to protect our IT systems. However, our IT systems may remain vulnerable to damage despite our implementation of security measures that we deem to be appropriate. Any system failure, accident or security breach involving our IT systems could result in disruptions to our operations. A material breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property or trade secrets, negatively impact our manufacturing or retail operations, or result in the compromise of personal information of our employees, customers or suppliers. To the extent that any system failure, accident or security breach results in disruptions to our operations or the theft, loss or disclosure of, or damage to, our data or confidential information, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel our business could be materially adversely affected. Our business substantially depends on the continued service of key members of our management. The loss of the services of a significant number of members of our management could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, such as engineering, marketing and senior management professionals. Competition for these employees is intense, and we could experience difficulty from time to time in hiring and retaining the personnel necessary to support our business. If we do not succeed in retaining our current employees and attracting new high quality employees, our business could be materially adversely affected. 18 Table of Contents We may be impacted by economic and supply disruptions associated with events beyond our control, such as war, acts of terror, political unrest, public health concerns, labor disputes or natural disasters. We manage businesses and facilities worldwide. Our facilities and operations, and the facilities and operations of our suppliers and customers, could be disrupted by events beyond our control, such as war, acts of terror, political unrest, public health concerns, labor disputes or natural disasters. Any such disruption could cause delays in the production and distribution of our products and the loss of sales and customers. We may not be insured against all such potential losses and, if insured, the insurance proceeds that we receive may not adequately compensate us for all of our losses. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We manufacture our products in 52 &#32;manufacturing facilities located around the world including 15 &#32;plants in the United States. N ORTH &#32;A MERICAN &#32;T IRE &#32;M ANUFACTURING &#32;F ACILITIES . North American Tire owns or leases and operates 18 &#32;manufacturing facilities in the United States and Canada. &#8226; 9 &#32;tire plants ( 7 &#32;in the United States and 2 &#32;in Canada), &#8226; 4 &#32;chemical plants, &#8226; 1 &#32;tire mold plant, &#8226; 1 &#32;tire retread plant, &#8226; 2 &#32;aviation retread plants, and &#8226; 1 &#32;mix plant in Canada. These facilities have floor space aggregating approximately 21 million square feet. E UROPE , M IDDLE &#32;E AST &#32;A ND A FRICA &#32;T IRE &#32;M ANUFACTURING &#32;F ACILITIES . EMEA owns or leases and operates 19 &#32;manufacturing facilities in 9 &#32;countries, including: &#8226; 16 &#32;tire plants, &#8226; 1 &#32;tire mold and tire manufacturing machine facility, &#8226; 1 &#32;aviation retread plant, and &#8226; 1 &#32;mix plant. These facilities have floor space aggregating approximately 20 million square feet. L ATIN &#32;A MERICAN T IRE &#32;M ANUFACTURING &#32;F ACILITIES . Latin American Tire owns and operates 6 &#32;manufacturing facilities in 5 &#32;countries, including 5 &#32;tire plants and 1 &#32;tire retread plant, and operates 1 &#32;aviation plant. These facilities have floor space aggregating approximately 5 million square feet. A SIA &#32;P ACIFIC &#32;T IRE &#32;M ANUFACTURING &#32;F ACILITIES . Asia Pacific Tire owns and operates 8 &#32;manufacturing facilities in 6 &#32;countries, including 7 &#32;tire plants and 1 &#32;aviation retread plant. These facilities have floor space aggregating approximately 6 million square feet. P LANT &#32;U TILIZATION . Our worldwide tire capacity utilization rate was approximately 80% &#32;during 2012 &#32;compared to approximately 91% &#32;in 2011 &#32;and 88% &#32;in 2010 . Our 2012 &#32;utilization declined due to lower industry demand as a result of global economic weakness and uncertainty, primarily in EMEA. O THER &#32;F ACILITIES . We also own and operate two research and development facilities and technical centers, and three tire proving grounds. We lease our Corporate and North American Tire headquarters, research and development facility and technical center in Akron, Ohio. We also operate approximately 1,300 &#32;retail outlets for the sale of our tires to consumer and commercial customers, approximately 40 &#32;tire retreading facilities and approximately 190 &#32;warehouse distribution facilities. Substantially all of these facilities are leased. We do not consider any one of these leased properties to be material to our operations. For additional information regarding leased properties, refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 12, Property, Plant and Equipment and No. 13, Leased Assets. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. Asbestos Litigation We are currently one of numerous defendants in legal proceedings in certain state and Federal courts involving approximately 73,200 &#32;claimants at December 31, 2012 &#32;relating to their alleged exposure to materials containing asbestos in products allegedly manufactured by us or asbestos materials present at our facilities. We manufactured, among other things, rubber coated asbestos sheet gasket materials from 1914 through 1973 and aircraft brake assemblies containing asbestos materials prior to 1987. Some of the claimants are independent contractors or their employees who allege exposure to asbestos while working at certain of our facilities. It is expected that in a substantial portion of these cases there will be no evidence of exposure to a Goodyear manufactured product containing asbestos or asbestos in our facilities. The amount expended by us and our insurers on defense and claim resolution was approximately $18 million &#32;during 2012 . The plaintiffs in the pending cases allege that they were exposed to asbestos and, as a result of such exposure, suffer from various respiratory diseases, including in some cases mesothelioma and lung cancer. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified actual and punitive damages and other relief. For additional information on asbestos litigation, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. Marine Hose Investigation In May 2007, the United States Department of Justice, Antitrust Division, announced that it had executed search and arrest warrants against a number of companies and their executives in connection with an investigation into allegations of price fixing in the marine hose industry. We received a grand jury document subpoena in May 2007 relating to that investigation. We have also received a similar request for information from European antitrust authorities in connection with a similar investigation of the marine hose industry in Europe. In addition, in November 2007, the Brazilian antitrust authority notified Goodyear';s Brazilian subsidiary that it was a party to a civil investigation into alleged anticompetitive practices in the marine hose industry in Brazil. Based on our review, we continue to believe Goodyear and its subsidiaries did not engage in unlawful conduct which is the subject of the investigations described above. None of Goodyear';s executives has been named in any criminal complaint; and no arrest or search warrants have been executed against any of our executives or at any of our facilities in connection with these investigations. We are cooperating with U.S., European and Brazilian authorities. South African Competition Tribunal Proceedings On August 31, 2010, the South African Competition Commission referred a complaint to the South African Competition Tribunal alleging that Goodyear South Africa (Pty) Ltd., Apollo Tyres South Africa (Pty) Ltd., Continental Tyre South Africa (Pty) Ltd., Bridgestone South Africa (Pty) Ltd., and the South African Tyre Manufacturers Conference (Pty) Ltd. engaged in anti-competitive conduct in the tire market in South Africa in violation of the South African Competition Act. The Competition Commission is seeking a penalty of approximately $30 million, which is based on a percentage of Goodyear South Africa';s annual revenues in 2008. Goodyear South Africa has conducted an internal investigation regarding these allegations and intends to defend itself before the Competition Tribunal. Brazilian Tax Assessments In September 2011, the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil issued an assessment to us for allegedly improperly taking tax credits for value-added taxes paid to a supplier of natural rubber during the period from January 2006 to August 2008. The assessment, including interest and penalties, totals 92 million &#32;Brazilian real (approximately $45 million ). We received similar assessments from the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil in December 2010 for allegedly improperly taking tax credits for value-added taxes paid to other suppliers of natural rubber during the period from January 2006 to October 2009. These assessments, including interest and penalties, total 88 million &#32;Brazilian real (approximately $43 million ). We have filed responses contesting the assessments and are defending these matters. African Investigations In June 2011, an anonymous source reported, through our confidential ethics hotline, that our majority-owned joint venture in Kenya may have made certain improper payments. In July 2011, an employee of our subsidiary in Angola reported that similar improper payments may have been made in Angola. Outside counsel and forensic accountants were retained to investigate the alleged improper payments in Kenya and Angola, including our compliance in those countries with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We do not believe that the amount of the payments in question in Kenya and Angola, or any revenue or operating income related to those payments, are material to our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. As a result of our review of these matters, we have implemented, and are continuing to implement, appropriate remedial measures and have voluntarily disclosed the results of our initial investigation to the U.S. Department of Justice (";DOJ";) and the Securities 20 Table of Contents and Exchange Commission (";SEC";), and are cooperating with those agencies in their review of these matters. We are unable to predict the outcome of the review by the DOJ and SEC. Greek Labor Cases In a series of cases, approximately 320 former employees of a factory in Thessaloniki, Greece that was closed in 1996 sued Goodyear Dunlop Tires Hellas S.A.I.C. (";Goodyear Dunlop Greece";) seeking compensation in arrears alleging the absence of consultation prior to the closure under applicable European law. Following extensive litigation at all levels of the Greek courts and the European Court of Justice over the past 16 years, the Greek Court of Appeal issued judgments in September and October 2012 affirming Goodyear Dunlop Greece's liability to pay salaries in arrears with respect to the 5-1/2 year period following the plant closure and permitting a reduction in the amount of that liability to the extent of severance payments previously paid to the former employees. However, the Court of Appeal failed to consider evidence of incomes earned in other capacities and the retirement of certain former employees during that period, which should have further reduced the employees' claims for salaries in arrears, and failed to follow applicable Supreme Court precedents limiting the period of time for which salaries in arrears are payable. Goodyear Dunlop Greece has filed an appeal before the Greek Supreme Court in order to seek to rectify these failures. If Goodyear Dunlop Greece's appeal is not successful, its liability with respect to these judgments is currently estimated to be approximately &#8364;44 million ($58 million). In addition, Goodyear Dunlop Greece may be liable for social security contributions and payroll taxes related to any salaries in arrears it must ultimately pay. Goodyear Dunlop Greece is vigorously defending these cases, the ultimate outcome of which cannot be predicted at this time. Other Matters In addition to the legal proceedings described above, various other legal actions, claims and governmental investigations and proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending against us, including claims and proceedings relating to several waste disposal sites that have been identified by the United States Environmental Protection Agency and similar agencies of various states for remedial investigation and cleanup, which sites were allegedly used by us in the past for the disposal of industrial waste materials. Based on available information, we do not consider any such action, claim, investigation or proceeding to be material, within the meaning of that term as used in Item 103 of Regulation S-K and the instructions thereto. For additional information regarding our legal proceedings, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. 21 Table of Contents PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT';S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. The principal market for our common stock is the NASDAQ Global Select Market (Stock Exchange Symbol: GT). Information relating to the high and low sale prices of shares of our common stock appears under the caption ";Quarterly Data and Market Price Information"; in Item 8 of this Annual Report at pag e 117, a nd is incorporated herein by reference. Under our primary credit facilities we are permitted to pay dividends on our common stock as long as no default will have occurred and be continuing, additional indebtedness can be incurred under the credit facilities following the payment, and certain financial tests are satisfied. So long as any of our mandatory convertible preferred stock is outstanding, no dividend, except a dividend payable in shares of our common stock, or other shares ranking junior to the mandatory convertible preferred stock, may be paid or declared or any distribution be made on shares of our common stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the then outstanding mandatory convertible preferred stock payable on all dividend payment dates occurring on or prior to the date of such action have been declared and paid or sufficient funds have been set aside for that payment. We have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock in the two most recent fiscal years. At December 31, 2012 , there were 18,887 &#32;record holders of the 245,240,762 shares of our common stock then outstanding. The following table presents information with respect to repurchases of common stock made by us during the three months ended December 31, 2012 . These shares were delivered to us by employees as payment for the exercise price of stock options as well as the withholding taxes due upon the exercise of the stock options or the vesting or payment of stock awards. Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 10/1/12-10/31/12 4,204 $ 12.74 -- -- 11/1/12-11/30/12 13,377 11.10 -- -- 12/1/12-12/31/12 3,355 12.62 -- -- Total 20,936 $ 11.67 -- -- 22 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. Year Ended December 31,(1) (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012(2) 2011(3) 2010(4) 2009(5) 2008(6) Net Sales $ 20,992 $ 22,767 $ 18,832 $ 16,301 $ 19,488 Net Income (Loss) 237 417 (164 ) (364 ) (23 ) Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income 25 74 52 11 54 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) $ 212 $ 343 $ (216 ) $ (375 ) $ (77 ) Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 29 22 -- -- -- Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ 183 $ 321 $ (216 ) $ (375 ) $ (77 ) Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders -- Per Share of Common Stock: Basic $ 0.75 $ 1.32 $ (0.89 ) $ (1.55 ) $ (0.32 ) Diluted $ 0.74 $ 1.26 $ (0.89 ) $ (1.55 ) $ (0.32 ) Total Assets $ 16,973 $ 17,629 $ 15,630 $ 14,410 $ 15,226 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases Due Within One Year 96 156 188 114 582 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases 4,888 4,789 4,319 4,182 4,132 Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 370 749 644 735 1,022 Total Shareholders'; Equity 625 1,017 921 986 1,253 Dividends Per Common Share -- -- -- -- -- _______________________________________ (1) Refer to ";Basis of Presentation"; and ";Principles of Consolidation"; in the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 1, Accounting Policies. (2) Goodyear net income in 2012 &#32;included net after-tax charges of $325 million, or $1.32 per share -- diluted, due to rationalization charges, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs; charges related to the early redemption of debt and a credit facility amendment and restatement; charges related to labor claims with respect to a previously closed facility; charges related to a tornado in the United States; settlement charges related to a pension plan; discrete charges related to income taxes; and charges related to a strike in South Africa. Goodyear net income in 2012 &#32;also included net after-tax gains of $35 million, or $0.14 per share -- diluted, related to insurance recoveries for a flood in Thailand and gains on asset sales. (3) Goodyear net income in 2011 included net after-tax charges of $217 million, or $0.80 per share -- diluted, due to rationalization charges, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs; charges related to the early redemption of debt; charges related to a flood in Thailand; and charges related to a tornado in the United States. Goodyear net income in 2011 also included net after-tax benefits of $51 million, or $0.19 per share -- diluted, from the benefit of certain tax adjustments and gains on asset sales. (4) &#32;&#32;&#32;Goodyear net loss in 2010 included net after-tax charges of $445 million, or $1.84 per share -- diluted, due to rationalization charges, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs; the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte against the U.S. dollar; charges related to the early redemption of debt and a debt exchange offer; charges related to the disposal of a building in the Philippines; a one-time importation cost adjustment; supplier disruption costs; a charge related to a claim regarding the use of value-added tax credits in prior periods; and charges related to a strike in South Africa. Goodyear net loss in 2010 also included net after-tax benefits of $104 million, or $0.43 per share -- diluted, from gains on asset sales; favorable settlements with suppliers; an insurance recovery; and the benefit of certain tax adjustments. (5) Goodyear net loss in 2009 included net after-tax charges of $277 million, or $1.16 per share -- diluted, due to rationalization charges, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs; asset sales; the liquidation of our subsidiary in Guatemala; a legal reserve for a closed facility; and our USW labor contract. Goodyear net loss in 2009 also included net after-tax benefits of $156 million, or $0.65 per share -- diluted, due to non-cash tax benefits related to losses from our U.S. operations; benefits primarily resulting from certain income tax items including the release of the valuation allowance on our Australian operations and the settlement of our 1997 through 2003 Competent Authority claim between the United States and Canada; and the recognition of insurance proceeds related to the settlement of a claim as a result of a fire at our manufacturing facility in Thailand. 23 Table of Contents (6) Goodyear net loss in 2008 included net after-tax charges of $311 million, or $1.29 per share -- diluted, due to rationalization charges, including accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs; costs related to the redemption of long-term debt; write-offs of deferred debt issuance costs associated with refinancing and redemption activities; general and product liability -- discontinued products; VEBA-related charges; charges related to Hurricanes Ike and Gustav; losses from the liquidation of our subsidiary in Jamaica; charges related to the exit of our Moroccan business; and the valuation allowance on our investment in The Reserve Primary Fund. Goodyear net loss in 2008 also included net after-tax benefits of $68 million, or $0.28 per share -- diluted, from asset sales; settlements with suppliers; and the benefit of certain tax adjustments. 24 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT';S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. OVERVIEW The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company is one of the world';s leading manufacturers of tires, with one of the most recognizable brand names in the world and operations in most regions of the world. We have a broad global footprint with 52 &#32;manufacturing facilities in 22 &#32;countries, including the United States. We operate our business through four operating segments representing our regional tire businesses: North American Tire; Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire; Latin American Tire; and Asia Pacific Tire. We continued to experience weak industry conditions in 2012 as the economic recovery in developed markets was impacted by uncertainty surrounding debt and other fiscal policy issues in Europe and the United States and continued high levels of unemployment, which had a negative impact on overall economic conditions and customer and consumer confidence. Our tire unit shipments in 2012 decreased 9.2% compared to 2011, primarily as a result of continued weakness in Europe. In addition, our raw material costs rose by approximately 7% in 2012 compared to 2011. In spite of the macroeconomic and industry-specific challenges we faced, we produced segment operating income greater than $1.2 billion for the second consecutive year, including record segment operating income of $514 million in North American Tire. Price and product mix drove an 8% improvement in revenue per tire, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, in 2012 compared to 2011, reflecting our continued focus on innovative product offerings in targeted market segments. In 2012, we realized approximately $346 million of cost savings, bringing the total cost savings for 2010 to 2012 to approximately $1.1 billion and exceeding our $1.0 billion goal. We also completed the transition to our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China and realized continued improvements in working capital efficiency, measured as a percent of sales. In order to address the uncertain economic environment and the challenges described above, we remain focused on our key strategies: &#8226; Continue to focus on consumer-driven product development; &#8226; Take a selective approach to the market, targeting profitable segments where we have competitive advantages; &#8226; Improve our manufacturing efficiency and create an advantaged supply chain focused on optimizing inventory levels and further improving customer service; &#8226; Focus on cash flow to provide funding for investments in future growth; and &#8226; Build top talent and teams. To address continued economic weakness in Europe and the significant challenges that we face in EMEA, we have announced the exit of the farm tire business in EMEA and the closure of one of our Amiens, France manufacturing facilities, as well as a profit improvement plan over the next three years aimed at restoring the margins in EMEA to historical levels. The profit improvement plan aims to: &#8226; Target profitable segments where we have competitive advantages; &#8226; Accelerate our growth in emerging markets in the region; and &#8226; Achieve $75 million to $100 million of productivity improvements through back-office consolidation, improved manufacturing efficiency and supply chain improvements. In addition, in order to address our significant unfunded pension obligations, we have announced plans to fund our U.S. pension plans once frozen. See ";Pension and Benefit Plans"; for additional information. For the year ended December 31, 2012 , Goodyear net income was $212 million , compared to Goodyear net income of $343 million &#32;in 2011 , and Goodyear net income available to common shareholders was $183 million , compared to Goodyear net income available to common shareholders of $321 million &#32;in 2011 . Our total segment operating income for 2012 &#32;was $1,248 million , compared to $1,368 million &#32;in 2011 . The decrease in segment operating income was due primarily to lower tire volume, including the effects of under-absorbed overhead on increased conversion costs, and an increase in raw material costs, partially offset by improved price and product mix. See ";Results of Operations -- Segment Information"; for additional information. Net sales were $21.0 billion &#32;in 2012 , compared to $22.8 billion &#32;in 2011 . Net sales decreased due to lower tire volumes, unfavorable foreign currency translation, primarily in EMEA, and lower sales in other tire-related businesses, primarily sales of chemical products in North American Tire. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix. Pension and Benefit Plans During 2012 , our U.S. pension plans experienced actuarial losses from further decreases in discount rates and increases in estimated life expectancies, which increased plan obligations by $863 million. These losses more than offset the effect of actual returns on U.S. pension plan assets in 2012 that exceeded expected returns by $198 million. As a result, net actuarial losses included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ("AOCL") increased by $665 million during 2012. Annual U.S. net periodic pension 25 Table of Contents cost will decrease to approximately $175 million to $200 million in 2013 &#32;from $ 203 million &#32;in 2012 , due primarily to expected returns on higher plan assets following 2012 contributions to U.S. pension plans of approximately $450 million. We have announced plans to accelerate funding of our U.S. pension plans once frozen and to reduce our exposure to future interest rate and equity market movements. We intend to finance the additional contributions by accessing the debt capital markets. As funded levels increase, we plan to shift our U.S. pension plan asset allocation to a portfolio of fixed income securities designed to offset the future impact of discount rate movements on the plans' funded status. At December 31, 2012, our unfunded U.S. pension liability was approximately $2.7 billion, of which approximately $1.0 billion is attributable to U.S. pension plans that have been frozen, including our principal U.S. salaried pension plans, and approximately $1.7 billion is attributable to our other U.S. pension plans, including our principal U.S. hourly pension plans. If additional plans become frozen, we intend to accelerate funding and shift the asset allocation of those plans as well. As a result of this strategy, we expect to limit the growth of our unfunded U.S. pension liability, which in turn is expected to improve our operating cash flow and reduce the volatility of our earnings, liquidity needs and overall leverage, thereby allowing us to focus on our core business. Implementation of this strategy depends on, among other things, our ability to access the debt capital markets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to access those markets on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. As a precursor to the strategy described above, we have entered into short term hedging strategies to reduce our exposure to market movements during 2013. For further information on these short term hedging strategies, see ";Critical Accounting Policies -- Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits"; and Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 16, Pension, Other Postretirement Benefits and Savings Plans. Liquidity At December 31, 2012 , we had $2,281 million &#32;in Cash and Cash Equivalents as well as $2,949 million &#32;of unused availability under our various credit agreements, compared to $2,772 million &#32;and $2,544 million, respectively, at December 31, 2011 . The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was driven by capital expenditures of $1,127 million , including expenditures for the continued expansion of our China and Chile manufacturing capacity, pension contributions and direct payments of $684 million and net debt repayments of $265 million. These decreases were partially offset by improvements in working capital of $457 million and net income of $237 million, which included non-cash depreciation and amortization of $687 million. We believe that our liquidity position is adequate to fund our operating and investing needs in 2013 &#32;and to provide us with flexibility to respond to further changes in the business environment. New Products In 2012, we launched our new Goodyear Assurance CS TripleTred All-Season, Goodyear Eagle F1 Asymmetric All-Season, Goodyear Eagle F1 Asymmetric 2, Goodyear UltraGrip Winter and Dunlop Signature II tire lines in North American Tire. We also successfully launched three new tire and six new retread product lines in our commercial truck tire business, focusing on regional, mixed service, and long haul applications. At our North American Tire dealer conference in early 2013, we introduced several key products, most notably the Goodyear Eagle Sport All-Season and Goodyear Wrangler All-Terrain Adventure tire lines, and several new Dunlop branded tires including the Sport Maxx Race, Sport Maxx RT, SP Winter Sport 4D and the Winter Maxx. In EMEA, we launched the new Goodyear UltraGrip 8 Performance and Goodyear UltraGrip Ice Artic winter tires. For Dunlop, we also launched SportMaxx RT, which is an ultra-high performance summer tire, and Ice Touch, which is a winter studdable tire. We introduced the new Marathon Coach and UltraGrip Coach range of commercial Coach tires which are focused on addressing the specific segment needs of comfort, mileage and traction. We also launched our new trailer tire for mixed service applications, part of the Max Technology family. In Latin American Tire, we launched the Goodyear Eagle Excellence Aquamax - Ayrton Senna edition and Goodyear Assurance CS TripleTred All-Season. We also launched the Goodyear EfficientGrip SUV with QuietTred Technology and the Goodyear Eagle F1 Asymmetric 2. For commercial, we launched CityMax, a new tire for city service applications that is designed to deliver improved treadwear performance. In Asia Pacific Tire, we launched the Goodyear EfficientGrip SUV. In addition, we successfully produced our first winter tire range, the Goodyear Ultra Grip Ice + for the northern Asia markets. In Australia, we launched the Dunlop Sport Maxx RT. We also launched new commercial vehicle 200 series steer and drive tires in China. These are Goodyear's first commercial tires (for heavy-duty trucks and large buses) designed and manufactured specifically for the Chinese market. 26 Table of Contents Outlook We continue to expect long-term growth in the global tire industry, but at a slower pace near-term due primarily to continued economic weakness in Europe. For the full year of 2013 in North America, we expect consumer replacement to be flat to up 2%, consumer original equipment to be up approximately 5%, and commercial replacement and original equipment to be flat. For the full year in Europe, we expect consumer replacement to be flat to up 2%, consumer original equipment to be down approximately 5%, commercial replacement to be up approximately 5%, and commercial original equipment to be flat to up 5%. We expect that our full-year tire unit volume for 2013 will reflect a low single digit percentage growth rate compared to 2012. For the full year of 2013, we expect our raw material costs will be lower than 2012 and expect to realize a net benefit from raw material costs and price and product mix. However, natural and synthetic rubber prices and other commodity prices have experienced significant volatility, and this estimate could change significantly based on fluctuations in the cost of these and other key raw materials. In order to mitigate some of the impact of raw material costs, we are continuing to focus on price and product mix, to substitute lower cost materials where possible and to work to identify additional substitution opportunities, to reduce the amount of material required in each tire, and to pursue alternative raw materials including innovative bio-based materials. However, during periods of rapidly rising raw material costs, we may not be able to fully offset those raw material cost increases through the use of these strategies, although we remain confident in our ability to do so over the longer term. We have announced the exit of the farm tire business in EMEA and the closure of one of our Amiens, France manufacturing facilities. These actions would eliminate approximately six million units of high-cost physical capacity, although we currently produce approximately 1.3 million tires per year at the Amiens, France manufacturing facility. These actions are expected to improve EMEA operating income by approximately $75 million annually, as compared to 2012 results, following the closure. As the required consultation process has just begun, we are not able to currently estimate the timing of plan completion. We do not expect to be significantly impacted by incremental unabsorbed fixed costs in 2013. We also expect cost savings to offset general inflation in 2013. See ";Item 1A. Risk Factors"; at page 11 for a discussion of the factors that may impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity and ";Forward-Looking Information -- Safe Harbor Statement"; at page 51 for a discussion of our use of forward-looking statements. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- CONSOLIDATED All per share amounts are diluted and refer to Goodyear net income (loss) available to common shareholders. 2012 &#32;Compared to 2011 &#32; For the year ended December 31, 2012 , Goodyear net income was $ 212 million , compared to net income of $343 million &#32;in 2011. For the year ended December 31, 2012 , Goodyear net income available to common shareholders was $183 million , or $0.74 &#32;per share, reflecting $29 million &#32;of preferred stock dividends, compared to Goodyear net income available to common shareholders of $321 million , or $1.26 &#32;per share, reflecting $22 million of preferred stock dividends, in 2011 . Net Sales Net sales in 2012 &#32;of $ 21.0 billion decreased $1.8 billion , or 7.8% , compared to 2011 &#32;due primarily to lower tire volume of $1,639 million, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $766 million, primarily in EMEA, and $489 million in lower sales in other tire-related businesses, primarily due to lower sales of chemical products in North American Tire. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $1,223 million. Consumer and commercial net sales in 2012 &#32;were $11.4 billion and $4.2 billion, respectively. Consumer and commercial net sales in 2011 &#32;were $12.1 billion and $4.6 billion, respectively. 27 Table of Contents The following table presents our tire unit sales for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2012 2011 % Change Replacement Units North American Tire (U.S. and Canada) 44.5 50.0 (11.0 )% International 69.9 82.2 (15.0 )% Total 114.4 132.2 (13.5 )% OE Units North American Tire (U.S. and Canada) 18.1 16.0 12.8 % International 31.5 32.4 (2.8 )% Total 49.6 48.4 2.4 % Goodyear worldwide tire units 164.0 180.6 (9.2 )% The decrease in worldwide tire unit sales of 16.6 million &#32;units, or 9.2% , compared to 2011 , included a decrease of 17.8 million &#32;replacement units, or 13.5% , due primarily to a decrease in the consumer replacement business in EMEA as a result of economic weakness and uncertainty in the region and increased competition, and in North American Tire, primarily due to lower industry demand and decreased sales of lower end consumer products, partially offset by an increase of 1.2 million &#32;OE units, or 2.4% , primarily in North American Tire. North American Tire OE tire volume increased 2.1 million &#32;units, or 12.8% , primarily in our consumer business. Consumer and commercial unit sales in 2012 &#32;were 149.2 million &#32;and 12.8 million , respectively. Consumer and commercial unit sales in 2011 &#32;were 163.6 million and 14.8 million, respectively. Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold (";CGS";) was $17.2 billion &#32;in 2012 , decreasing $1.7 billion , or 8.8% , compared to 2011 . CGS was 81.8% &#32;of sales in 2012 &#32;compared to 82.7% &#32;of sales in 2011 . CGS in 2012 &#32;decreased due to lower tire volume of $1,344 million, favorable foreign currency translation of $620 million, and lower costs in other tire-related businesses of $488 million, primarily due to lower sales of chemical products in North American Tire, partially offset by increased conversion costs of $437 million, higher raw material costs of $327 million, and product mix-related manufacturing cost increases of $206 million. The higher conversion costs were caused primarily by higher under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of approximately $232 million due to lower production volume, primarily in EMEA, net of cost savings of approximately $80 million from the closure of our Union City, Tennessee manufacturing facility (";Union City";); incremental start-up expenses for our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China of $21 million; and inflationary cost increases. CGS in 2012 &#32;included charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $21 million ($16 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) related to the closure of our Dalian, China manufacturing facility. CGS in 2012 &#32;also included $9 million ($6 million after-tax or $0.03 per share) in settlement charges related to a United Kingdom pension plan, the impact of a strike in South Africa of $6 million ($6 million after-tax or $0.02 per share), and $4 million ($4 million after-tax or $0.02 per share) in charges related to repairs for 2011 tornado damage at our manufacturing facility in Fayetteville, North Carolina. CGS benefited from savings from rationalization plans of $105 million. CGS was $18.8 billion in 2011 . CGS in 2011 included charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $50 million ($48 million after-tax or $0.18 per share) related to the closure of Union City and $4 million ($4 million after-tax or $0.01 per share) in charges related to tornado damage at our manufacturing facility in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Selling, Administrative and General Expense Selling, administrative and general expense (";SAG";) was $2.7 billion &#32;in 2012 , decreasing $104 million , or 3.7% , compared to 2011 . The decrease in SAG was primarily driven by favorable foreign currency translation of $112 million and lower advertising expenses of $36 million, which were partially offset by increased wages and benefits of $17 million, increased warehousing costs of $12 million and inflationary cost increases. SAG benefited from savings from rationalization plans of $13 million. SAG in 2012 &#32;was 12.9% &#32;of sales, compared to 12.4% &#32;in 2011 . Rationalizations To maintain global competitiveness, we have implemented rationalization actions over the past several years to reduce excess and high-cost manufacturing capacity and to reduce selling, administrative and general expenses through associate headcount reductions. We recorded net rationalization charges of $175 million &#32;in 2012 &#32;($141 million after-tax or $0.57 per share). 28 Table of Contents Rationalization actions initiated in 2012 &#32;consisted primarily of headcount reductions in EMEA, primarily related to the announced closure of one of our Amiens, France manufacturing facilities, and in North American Tire. We recorded net rationalization charges of $103 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;($95 million after-tax or $0.35 per share). Rationalization actions initiated in 2011 &#32;primarily related to headcount reductions in EMEA and Asia Pacific Tire and actions in connection with the relocation of our manufacturing facility in Dalian, China to Pulandian, China. Upon completion of the 2012 &#32;plans, we estimate that annual segment operating income will improve by approximately $152 million ($103 million CGS and $49 million SAG). The savings realized in 2012 &#32;for the 2012 &#32;plans totaled $5 million ($1 million CGS and $4 million SAG). In addition, incremental savings realized in 2012 &#32;for prior years' plans totaled $93 million ($84 million CGS and $9 million SAG). For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 2, Costs Associated with Rationalization Programs. Interest Expense Interest expense was $357 million &#32;in 2012 , increasing $ 27 million &#32;from $330 million &#32;in 2011 . The increase relates primarily to higher average debt balances of $5,606 million in 2012 &#32;compared to $5,411 million in 2011 &#32;and an increase in average interest rates to 6.37% in 2012 &#32;from 6.10% in 2011 . In addition, we recorded an adjustment of $13 million of expense in 2012 to correct capitalized interest recorded in prior periods. Other Expense Other Expense in 2012 &#32;was $139 million , increasing $66 million &#32;from $73 million &#32;in 2011 . Financing fees in 2012 &#32;of $156 million &#32;included a first quarter charge of $86 million ($86 million after-tax or $0.35 per share) related to the redemption of $650 million in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% senior notes due 2016, of which $59 million related to a cash premium paid on the redemption and $27 million related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount. Also included was a charge of $24 million ($24 million after-tax or $0.10 per share), primarily related to the amendment and restatement of our U.S. second lien term loan facility in the second quarter. Financing fees in 2011 of $89 million included $53 million ($53 million after-tax or $0.20 per share) related to the redemption of $350 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% senior notes due 2016, of which $37 million related to a cash premium paid on the redemption and $16 million related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount. Net gains on asset sales were $25 million &#32;($20 million after-tax or $0.08 per share) in 2012 &#32;compared to net gains on asset sales of $16 million &#32;($8 million after-tax or $0.03 per share) in 2011 . Net gains in 2012 &#32;related primarily to the sale of property in North American Tire, the sale of a minority interest in a retail business in EMEA and the sale of certain assets related to our bias truck tire business in Latin American Tire. Net gains in 2011 &#32;related primarily to the sale of land in Malaysia and the sale of the farm tire business in Latin America. The 2012 &#32;period also included a charge of $25 million ($25 million after-tax or $0.10 per share) related to certain labor claims related to a previously closed facility in EMEA. The 2011 &#32;period included charges of $13 million for an asbestos accrual adjustment related to prior periods and $9 million for an insurance deductible related to flood damage to our manufacturing facility in Thailand. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 4, Other Expense. For further information relating to the 2011 Thailand flood, see ";Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations --Segment Information -- Asia Pacific Tire."; Income Taxes Tax expense in 2012 &#32;was $ 203 million &#32;on income before income taxes of $ 440 million . For 2011 , tax expense was $ 201 million &#32;on income before income taxes of $618 million . The difference between our effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate was primarily due to our continuing to maintain a full valuation allowance against our Federal and state and certain foreign deferred tax assets and the adjustments discussed below. Income tax expense in 2012 included discrete net tax charges of $ 19 million &#32;($17 million after minority or $0.07 per share) due primarily to increased tax reserves for prior years. Income tax expense in 2011 &#32;included net tax benefits of $ 36 million &#32;($42 million after minority or $0.16 per share). The 2011 net tax benefit included a $ 64 million &#32;benefit from the release of a valuation allowance on our Canadian operations, which was released as a result of cumulatively profitable operations in the prior three years and projected future income sufficient to fully realize the deferred tax assets, and a $ 24 million &#32;charge related to the settlement of prior tax years and to increased tax reserves as a result of negative tax court rulings in a foreign jurisdiction. 29 Table of Contents Our losses in various taxing jurisdictions in recent periods represented sufficient negative evidence to require us to maintain a full valuation allowance against certain of our net deferred tax assets. In certain foreign locations, it is reasonably possible that sufficient positive evidence required to release all, or a portion, of these valuation allowances within the next 12 months will exist, however, we do not expect these possible one-time tax benefits to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operation. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, signed into law on January 2, 2013, retroactively adopts certain taxpayer relief provisions that are not reflected in our 2012 financial statements as enactment took place in 2013. The changes include a refundable alternative minimum tax provision that entitles us to a $7 million &#32;refund of our alternative minimum tax carryforwards in 2014. We will record this tax benefit in the first quarter of 2013. The act also reinstates the research and development credit and certain other foreign dividend provisions that will change the components of our deferred taxes. However, these changes will not affect tax expense as we have a full valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. deferred tax assets. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5, Income Taxes. Minority Shareholders'; Net Income Minority shareholders'; net income was $25 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $74 million &#32;in 2011 . The decrease was due primarily to lower earnings in our joint venture in Europe. 2011 Compared to 2010 For the year ended December 31, 2011, Goodyear net income was $343 million, compared to a Goodyear net loss of $216 million in 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2011, Goodyear net income available to common shareholders was $321 million, or $1.26 per share, reflecting $22 million of preferred stock dividends, compared to a Goodyear net loss available to common shareholders of $216 million, or $0.89 per share, in 2010. Net Sales Net sales in 2011 of $22.8 billion increased $3.9 billion, or 20.9%, compared to 2010 due primarily to favorable changes in price and product mix of $2.6 billion, increased sales in other tire-related businesses of $875 million, primarily in North American Tire';s third party sales of chemical products, and $599 million due to favorable foreign currency translation. Consumer and commercial net sales in 2011 were $12.1 billion and $4.6 billion, respectively. Consumer and commercial net sales in 2010 were $10.3 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively. The following table presents our tire unit sales for the periods indicated: Year Ended December 31, (In millions of tires) 2011 2010 % Change Replacement Units North American Tire (U.S. and Canada) 50.0 50.8 (1.6 )% International 82.2 82.2 -- % Total 132.2 133.0 (0.7 )% OE Units North American Tire (U.S. and Canada) 16.0 15.9 1.3 % International 32.4 31.9 1.6 % Total 48.4 47.8 1.5 % Goodyear worldwide tire units 180.6 180.8 (0.1 )% The decrease in worldwide tire unit sales of 0.2 million units, or 0.1%, compared to 2010, included a decrease of 0.8 million &#32; replacement units, or 0.7%, due primarily to a decrease in the consumer replacement business in North American Tire due to lower industry demand and a decrease in Latin American Tire, primarily in consumer replacement, partially offset by an increase of 0.6 million units, or 1.5%, in OE units, primarily in EMEA. EMEA OE volume increased 1.1 million units, or 6.7%, due to increased demand in both our consumer and commercial businesses due to increased vehicle production. Consumer and commercial units in 2011 were 163.6 million and 14.8 million, respectively. Consumer and commercial units in 2010 were 164.4 million and 14.0 million, respectively. 30 Table of Contents Cost of Goods Sold CGS was $18.8 billion in 2011, increasing $3.4 billion, or 21.8%, compared to 2010. CGS was 82.7% of sales in 2011 compared to 82.1% in 2010. CGS in 2011 increased due primarily to higher raw material costs of $1.8 billion, higher costs in other tire-related businesses of $826 million, primarily in North American Tire';s cost of chemical products, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $453 million, and product mix-related cost increases of $229 million. CGS was favorably impacted by decreased conversion costs of $19 million. The lower conversion costs were caused primarily by lower under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of $195 million due to higher production volume and savings from rationalization plans of $55 million, which were partially offset by incremental start-up costs for our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China of $40 million, inflationary cost increases and higher profit sharing costs in North American Tire of $55 million. CGS in 2011 included $4 million ($4 million after-tax or $0.01 per share) in charges related to tornado damage at our manufacturing facility in Fayetteville, North Carolina. CGS in 2011 also included charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $50 million ($48 million after-tax or $0.18 per share). The increase in accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs in 2011 was due primarily to the closure of Union City. CGS was $15.5 billion in 2010. CGS in 2010 included charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $15 million ($11 million after-tax or $0.05 per share). CGS in 2010 also included gains from supplier settlements of $12 million ($8 million after-tax or $0.03 per share), expense due to a supplier disruption of $4 million ($4 million after-tax or $0.02 per share), a one-time importation cost adjustment of $3 million ($3 million after-tax or $0.01 per share), and the impact of a strike in South Africa of $3 million ($3 million after-tax or $0.01 per share). Selling, Administrative and General Expense SAG was $2.8 billion in 2011, increasing $192 million, or 7.3%, compared to 2010. SAG increased due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation of $89 million, higher advertising and marketing expenses of $79 million, increased wages and benefits of $77 million, and increased warehousing costs of $13 million. Lower general and product liability expense of $52 million in North American Tire served to partially offset the increase. SAG benefited from savings from rationalization plans of $20 million. SAG in 2010 included an insurance recovery of $8 million ($8 million after-tax or $0.03 per share). SAG in 2011 was 12.4% of sales, compared to 14.0% in 2010. Rationalizations We recorded net rationalization charges of $103 million in 2011. Rationalization actions initiated in 2011 primarily related to headcount reductions in EMEA and Asia Pacific Tire and actions in connection with the relocation of our manufacturing facility in Dalian, China to Pulandian, China. We recorded net rationalization charges of $240 million in 2010. Rationalization actions initiated in 2010 consisted of the plan to close Union City, the consolidation of several warehouses in North American Tire, an increase in costs related to the discontinuation of consumer tire production at one of our facilities in Amiens, France, and the closure of a manufacturing facility in Taiwan. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 2, Costs Associated with Rationalization Programs. Interest Expense Interest expense was $330 million in 2011, increasing $14 million from $316 million in 2010. The increase relates primarily to higher average debt balances of $5,411 million in 2011 compared to $4,701 million in 2010, partially offset by a decrease in average interest rates of 6.10% in 2011 compared to 6.72% in 2010. Other Expense Other Expense in 2011 was $73 million, improving $113 million from $186 million in 2010. Net foreign currency exchange losses in 2011 were $27 million compared to $159 million in 2010. The 2010 period included a first quarter foreign exchange loss of $110 million ($99 million after-tax or $0.41 per share) resulting from the January 8, 2010 devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte against the U.S. dollar and a fourth quarter foreign exchange loss of $24 million ($20 million after-tax or $0.08 per share) in connection with the January 1, 2011 elimination of the two-tier exchange rate structure, which was announced by the Venezuelan government in December 2010. For further discussion on Venezuela, refer to "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources -- Overview." Foreign currency exchange also reflected net gains and losses resulting from the effect of exchange rate changes on various foreign currency transactions worldwide. Financing fees in 2011 of $89 million included $53 million related to the redemption of $350 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% senior notes due 2016, of which $37 million related to a cash premium paid on the redemption and $16 million related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount. 31 Table of Contents Net gains on asset sales were $16 million in 2011 compared to net gains on asset sales of $73 million ($48 million after-tax or $0.20 per share) in 2010. Net gains in 2011 related primarily to the sale of land in Malaysia and the sale of the farm tire business in Latin America. Net gains in 2010 related primarily to the sale of a closed manufacturing facility in Taiwan and land in Thailand and the recognition of a deferred gain from the sale of a warehouse in Guatemala in 2008. The 2011 period also included charges of $13 million for an asbestos accrual adjustment related to prior periods and $9 million for the insurance deductible related to flood damage to our manufacturing facility in Thailand. The 2010 period also included a charge of $25 million related to a claim regarding the use of value-added tax credits in prior years. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 4, Other Expense. Income Taxes Tax expense in 2011 was $201 million on income before income taxes of $618 million. For 2010, tax expense was $172 million on income before income taxes of $8 million primarily driven by a U.S. loss of $529 million with no tax benefit. For the year ending December 31, 2010, our income tax expense or benefit was allocated among operations and items charged or credited directly to shareholders'; equity. Pursuant to this allocation requirement, a $9 million non-cash tax benefit was allocated to the loss from our U.S. operations, with offsetting tax expense allocated to items, primarily attributable to employee benefits, charged directly to shareholders'; equity. Income tax expense in 2011 also included net tax benefits of $36 million. The 2011 net tax benefit included a $ 64 million &#32;benefit from the release of a valuation allowance on our Canadian operations, which was released as a result of cumulatively profitable operations in the prior three years and projected future income sufficient to fully realize the deferred tax assets, and a $ 24 million &#32;charge related to the settlement of prior tax years and to increased tax reserves as a result of negative tax court rulings in a foreign jurisdiction. Income tax expense in 2010 included net tax benefits of $33 million related to a $16 million benefit for enacted tax law changes and $20 million of tax benefits related to the settlement of tax audits and the expiration of statutes of limitations in multiple tax jurisdictions. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5, Income Taxes. Minority Shareholders'; Net Income Minority shareholders'; net income was $74 million in 2011, compared to $52 million in 2010. The increase was due primarily to increased earnings in our joint venture in Europe. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- SEGMENT INFORMATION Segment information reflects our strategic business units (";SBUs";), which are organized to meet customer requirements and global competition and are segmented on a regional basis. Results of operations are measured based on net sales to unaffiliated customers and segment operating income. Each segment exports tires to other segments. The financial results of each segment exclude sales of tires exported to other segments, but include operating income derived from such transactions. Segment operating income is computed as follows: Net Sales less CGS (excluding asset write-off and accelerated depreciation charges) and SAG (including certain allocated corporate administrative expenses). Segment operating income also includes certain royalties and equity in earnings of most affiliates. Segment operating income does not include net rationalization charges (credits), asset sales and certain other items. Total segment operating income was $1,248 million &#32;in 2012 , $1,368 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $917 million &#32;in 2010 . Total segment operating margin (segment operating income divided by segment sales) in 2012 &#32;was 5.9% , compared to 6.0% &#32;in 2011 &#32;and 4.9% in 2010 . Management believes that total segment operating income is useful because it represents the aggregate value of income created by our SBUs and excludes items not directly related to the SBUs for performance evaluation purposes. Total segment operating income is the sum of the individual SBUs'; segment operating income. Refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 7, Business Segments, for further information and for a reconciliation of total segment operating income to Income before Income Taxes. 32 Table of Contents North American Tire Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Tire Units 62.6 66.0 66.7 Net Sales $ 9,666 $ 9,859 $ 8,205 Operating Income 514 276 18 Operating Margin 5.3 % 2.8 % 0.2 % 2012 &#32;Compared to 2011 &#32; North American Tire unit sales in 2012 &#32;decreased 3.4 million &#32;units, or 5.2% , to 62.6 million &#32;units. The decrease was primarily related to a reduction in replacement tire volume of 5.5 million &#32;units, or 11.0% , primarily in our consumer business, reflecting lower industry demand and decreased sales of lower end consumer products. Increased OE tire volume, primarily in our consumer business, of 2.1 million &#32;units, or 12.8% , primarily related to improved industry conditions, partially offset this decrease. Net sales in 2012 &#32;were $9,666 million , decreasing $193 million , or 2.0% , compared to $9,859 million &#32;in 2011 . Price and product mix improvement of $500 million was more than offset by decreased sales in other tire-related businesses of $354 million, primarily related to a decrease in the price and volume of third party sales of chemical products, and lower sales volume of $329 million. Operating income in 2012 &#32;was $514 million , improving $238 million &#32;from $276 million &#32;in 2011 . Price and product mix improved $498 million, which exceeded material cost increases of $127 million. This improvement was partially offset by increased conversion costs of $67 million, lower volume of $38 million, increased SAG expense of $7 million and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $2 million. Decreased profits in our other tire-related businesses of $5 million, driven by a decrease in the price and volume of third party sales of chemical products, also negatively impacted operating income. Higher conversion costs were driven by $105 million of increased under-absorbed overhead costs resulting from lower production volumes as well as increased pension expense and inflationary cost increases, partially offset by $80 million in rationalization savings, primarily due to the closure of Union City in July 2011. SAG expenses included savings from rationalization plans of $3 million. Operating income in 2012 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $43 million &#32;and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $1 million , primarily related to the closure of Union City, and net gains on asset sales of $9 million . Operating income in 2011 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $72 million &#32;and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $43 million , primarily related to the closure of Union City, and net losses on asset sales of $2 million . 2011 Compared to 2010 North American Tire unit sales in 2011 decreased 0.7 million units, or 0.9%, to 66.0 million units. The decrease was primarily related to a decrease in replacement volume of 0.8 million units, or 1.6%, primarily in our consumer business reflecting lower industry demand. OE volume remained relatively flat with increases in our commercial business offsetting decreases in our consumer business. Net sales in 2011 were $9,859 million, increasing $1,654 million, or 20.2%, compared to $8,205 million in 2010 due primarily to improved price and product mix of $1,000 million, increased sales in other tire-related businesses of $677 million, primarily related to an increase in the price and volume of third party sales of chemical products, and favorable foreign currency translation of $28 million. Lower sales volume of $54 million partially offset these improvements. Operating income in 2011 was $276 million, improving $258 million from $18 million in 2010. Price and product mix improved $883 million, which more than offset raw material cost increases of $706 million. Operating income also benefited from decreased SAG expenses of $53 million, increased operating income in our other tire-related businesses of $30 million driven by increased profits for our aviation products and in our retail tire businesses, and favorable foreign currency translation of $12 million. Conversion costs, which were flat compared to the prior year, benefited from lower under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of approximately $96 million due to higher production volume and decreased pension expense of $35 million. These benefits were offset by higher profit sharing costs of $55 million, increased workers compensation of $15 million, and inflation. Lower volume of $5 million served to partially offset the improvement in operating income. The decrease in SAG expense was driven by lower general and product liability expenses of $52 million. Conversion costs and SAG expenses included savings from rationalization plans of $16 million and $11 million, respectively. Operating income in 2011 excluded net rationalization charges of $72 million and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $43 million, primarily related to the closure of Union City, and net losses on asset sales of $2 million. Operating 33 Table of Contents income in 2010 excluded net rationalization charges of $184 million and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $2 million, primarily related to the closure of Union City, and net gains on asset sales of $2 million. Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Tire Units 62.7 74.3 72.0 Net Sales $ 6,884 $ 8,040 $ 6,407 Operating Income 252 627 319 Operating Margin 3.7 % 7.8 % 5.0 % 2012 &#32;Compared to 2011 &#32; Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire unit sales in 2012 &#32;decreased 11.6 million &#32;units, or 15.6% , to 62.7 million &#32;units. Replacement tire volume decreased 10.4 million &#32;units, or 18.3% , primarily in the consumer business, due to economic weakness and uncertainty in the region, which slowed retail demand, aggressive competition and high trade inventory levels following weak dealer seasonal tire sales. OE tire volume decreased 1.2 million &#32;units, or 6.7% , due primarily to economic weakness and uncertainty in the region which led to decreased industry demand in both our consumer and commercial businesses. Net sales in 2012 &#32;were $6,884 million , decreasing $1,156 million , or 14.4% , compared to $8,040 million &#32;in 2011 . Net sales decreased due primarily to lower tire volume of $1,155 million and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $507 million. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $499 million. Operating income in 2012 &#32;was $252 million , decreasing $375 million , or 59.8% , compared to $627 million &#32;in 2011 . Operating income decreased due primarily to higher conversion costs of $267 million, lower tire volume of $225 million and unfavorable foreign currency translation of $15 million. The overall decrease was partially offset by improved price and product mix of $303 million, which exceeded higher raw material costs of $168 million. Conversion costs increased due primarily to higher under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of $194 million due to lower production volume, production inefficiencies and other inflationary cost increases. Conversion costs and SAG expenses included savings from rationalization plans of $3 million and $9 million, respectively. Operating income included a $29 million charge for a contractual obligation under an offtake agreement for tires. Although the agreement continues in future years, we do not expect to incur similar charges going forward due to changes to the agreement made in the fourth quarter of 2012. Operating income in 2012 excluded net rationalization charges of $100 million , primarily related to the announced exit of our farm tire business in EMEA and closure of one of our Amiens, France manufacturing facilities, charges of $25 million related to certain labor claims with respect to a previously closed facility, and net gains on asset sales of $9 million . Operating income in 2011 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $15 million &#32;and net gains on asset sales of $1 million . EMEA';s results are highly dependent upon Germany, which accounted for approximately 37% of EMEA';s net sales in 2012 &#32;and 2011 . Accordingly, results of operations in Germany are expected to continue to have a significant impact on EMEA';s future performance. The announced exit of our farm tire business in EMEA and closure of one of our Amiens, France manufacturing facilities are expected to improve EMEA operating income by approximately $75 million annually, as compared to 2012 results, following the closure. As the required consultation process has just begun, we are not able to currently estimate the timing of plan completion. 2011 Compared to 2010 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire unit sales in 2011 increased 2.3 million units, or 3.2%, to 74.3 million units. Replacement volume increased 1.2 million units, or 2.2%, primarily in the consumer business, due to improved economic conditions during the first nine months of the year and strong winter tire sales. OE volume increased 1.1 million units, or 6.7%, driven by increased demand in both our consumer and commercial businesses due to increased vehicle production. Net sales in 2011 were $8,040 million, increasing $1,633 million, or 25.5%, compared to $6,407 million in 2010, due primarily to improved price and product mix of $1,031 million and higher volume of $170 million. These increases were accompanied by favorable foreign currency translation of $342 million and higher sales by other tire-related businesses of $90 million, primarily in our retail and retread businesses. 34 Table of Contents Operating income in 2011 was $627 million, increasing $308 million, or 96.6%, compared to $319 million in 2010, due primarily to improved price and product mix of $930 million which offset higher raw material costs of $651 million, lower conversion costs of $79 million, increased volume of $34 million and favorable foreign currency translation of $24 million. Conversion costs decreased due primarily to lower under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of $89 million due to higher production volume partially offset by increases in wages and general inflation. Operating income was unfavorably affected by higher SAG expenses of $91 million. SAG expenses increased primarily due to increased advertising and marketing expenses of $66 million, higher wages and benefits of $25 million and increased warehousing costs of $13 million. Conversion costs and SAG expenses included savings from rationalization plans of $17 million and $5 million, respectively. Operating income in 2011 excluded net rationalization charges of $15 million and net gains on asset sales of $1 million. Operating income in 2010 excluded net rationalization charges of $41 million, net gains on asset sales of $6 million and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $1 million. Latin American Tire Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Tire Units 18.1 19.8 20.7 Net Sales $ 2,085 $ 2,472 $ 2,158 Operating Income 223 231 330 Operating Margin 10.7 % 9.3 % 15.3 % 2012 &#32;Compared to 2011 &#32; Latin American Tire unit sales in 2012 &#32;decreased 1.7 million &#32;units, or 8.4% , to 18.1 million &#32;units. Replacement tire volume decreased 1.2 million &#32;units, or 8.9% , and OE tire volume decreased 0.5 million units, or 7.4%, driven primarily by increased competition and lower industry volume. Approximately 0.4 million and 0.1 million of the total unit decline was attributable to the May 2012 sale of our bias truck tire business in certain countries and the April 2011 divestiture of our farm tire business, respectively. Net sales in 2012 &#32;were $2,085 million , decreasing $387 million , or 15.7% , from $2,472 million &#32;in 2011 . Net sales decreased due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation of $194 million, mainly in Brazil, lower tire volume of $174 million, lower sales by other tire-related businesses of $101 million, the sale of the bias truck tire business of $70 million, and the divestiture of the farm tire business of $33 million. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $185 million. Operating income in 2012 &#32;was $223 million , decreasing $8 million , or 3.5% , from $231 million &#32;in 2011 . Operating income decreased due primarily to higher conversion costs of $59 million, lower tire volume of $38 million, higher SAG expenses of $16 million, lower operating income from other tire-related businesses of $9 million, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $6 million and the divestiture of the farm tire business of $3 million. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $171 million, which more than offset increased raw material costs of $54 million, and higher operating income from intersegment sales of $5 million. The higher conversion costs were primarily driven by increased wages and benefit costs and higher under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of $12 million on lower volume. Conversion costs included savings from rationalization plans of $8 million. The increase in SAG expenses is primarily driven by increased wages and benefits of $12 million and higher warehousing expense. Operating income in 2012 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $6 million &#32;and net gains on asset sales of $4 million . Operating income in 2011 &#32;excluded net gains on asset sales of $4 million . Latin American Tire';s results are highly dependent upon Brazil, which accounted for 51% and 58% of Latin American Tire';s net sales in 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. Lower operating income in Brazil in 2012, primarily due to increased competition from Asian imports, increased raw material costs and inflationary cost increases, drove the year over year decline in segment operating income in 2012. 35 Table of Contents Goodyear Venezuela also contributed a significant portion of Latin American Tire';s sales and operating income in 2012 &#32;and 2011 . On February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government announced the devaluation of its currency, the bolivar fuerte, effective February 13, 2013. The announcement indicated that the official exchange rate would be changed from 4.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar to 6.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar. As a result, we expect to record a charge in the first quarter of 2013 in Other Expense and, therefore, excluded from segment operating income in connection with the remeasurement of our balance sheet to reflect the devaluation. If calculated at the announced official exchange rate of 6.3, the charge is expected to be approximately $100 million, net of tax. For further information see ";Item 1. Business -- Recent Developments,"; ";Item 1A. Risk Factors"; and ";Item 7. Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources -- Overview"; in this Form 10-K. 2011 Compared to 2010 Latin American Tire unit sales in 2011 decreased 0.9 million units, or 4.8%, to 19.8 million units. Replacement tire volume decreased 0.9 million units, or 7.0%, primarily in the lower end of the consumer tire market due to competition from increased imports of tires from Asia, while OE tire volume was flat. Net sales in 2011 were $2,472 million, increasing $314 million, or 14.6%, from $2,158 million in 2010. Net sales increased due primarily to improved price and product mix of $296 million, increased sales by other tire-related businesses of $99 million and favorable foreign currency translation of $82 million, mainly in Brazil. These increases were partially offset by lower volume of $97 million and the divestiture of the farm tire business, which reduced sales by $67 million. Operating income in 2011 was $231 million, decreasing $99 million, or 30.0%, from $330 million in 2010. Operating income decreased due primarily to higher conversion costs of $61 million, lower tire volume of $30 million, the impact of the April 1, 2011 farm tire business divestiture of $25 million, and higher SAG expenses of $19 million, primarily driven by increased wages and benefits of $12 million and equity-based taxes of $5 million. These decreases were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $266 million, which more than offset increased raw material costs of $249 million, favorable foreign currency translation of $4 million, higher operating income from other tire-related businesses of $3 million and higher operating income from intersegment sales. The higher conversion costs were primarily driven by wage inflation, a depreciation adjustment related to prior periods of $8 million, an increase of $5 million driven by a first quarter 2010 adjustment of a legal claim reserve for payroll taxes, and ramp-up costs related to the expansion of our manufacturing facility in Chile. Conversion costs included lower under-absorbed fixed overhead costs of approximately $16 million. &#32; Conversion costs and SAG expenses included savings from rationalization plans of $22 million and $4 million, respectively . Operating income in 2011 excluded net gains on asset sales of $4 million. Operating income in 2010 excluded a charge of $25 million related to a claim regarding the use of value-added tax credits in prior periods, net gains on asset sales of $7 million, and net rationalization charges of $5 million. In addition, a $134 million foreign currency exchange loss in Venezuela was also excluded from operating income in 2010. Asia Pacific Tire Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Tire Units 20.6 20.5 21.4 Net Sales $ 2,357 $ 2,396 $ 2,062 Operating Income 259 234 250 Operating Margin 11.0 % 9.8 % 12.1 % 2012 &#32;Compared to 2011 &#32; Asia Pacific Tire unit sales in 2012 &#32;increased 0.1 million &#32;units, or 0.3% , to 20.6 million &#32;units. OE tire volume increased by 0.8 million &#32;units, or 9.8% , primarily in the consumer business while replacement tire volume decreased by 0.7 million &#32;units, or 5.9% . Increases in OE tire volume were primarily driven by growth in the consumer business in China and India, which more than offset declines in replacement tire volume driven primarily by a weakening environment in Australia and slowing economic conditions, primarily in India. Net sales in 2012 &#32;were $2,357 million , decreasing $39 million , or 1.6% , from $2,396 million &#32;in 2011 , due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation of $55 million driven by depreciation of the Indian rupee and lower sales in other-tire related businesses of $39 million. Improved price and product mix of $39 million and higher volume of $19 million partially offset the decreases. 36 Table of Contents Operating income in 2012 &#32;was $259 million , increasing $25 million , or 10.7% , from $234 million &#32;in 2011 , due primarily to improved price and product mix of $45 million, lower raw material costs of $22 million, the timing of recognition of flood related losses in 2011 and net recoveries from insurance in 2012 of $21 million, higher equity income from a Japanese joint venture of $15 million and higher volume of $6 million. These increases were partially offset by higher conversion costs of $23 million, an increase in start-up expenses for our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China of approximately $21 million, higher SAG costs of $19 million, primarily to support sales growth in China, unfavorable foreign currency translation of $11 million and lower income from other-tire related businesses of $10 million, primarily related to retail tire operations. Restoration of our facility in Thailand, which was closed following severe flooding in the fourth quarter of 2011, was substantially completed in the third quarter of 2012. In 2012, insurance recoveries exceeded costs and losses incurred, which increased Asia Pacific Tire's operating income by $9 million. Asia Pacific Tire's operating income in 2011 was negatively impacted by $12 million due to reduced volume and increased conversion costs. As a result of the timing of the recognition of costs and losses and related insurance recoveries, segment operating income improved by $21 million in 2012 as compared to 2011. In 2012, on a consolidated basis, we recognized a net benefit of $18 million ($15 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) due to insurance recoveries exceeding costs and losses incurred. In 2011, our consolidated results of operations were negatively affected by approximately $21 million ($16 million after-tax, or $0.07 per share). As a result of the timing of the recognition of costs and losses and related insurance recoveries, pre-tax income improved by $39 million in 2012 as compared to 2011. We expect further insurance recoveries as we finalize our claims. Operating income in 2012 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $26 million &#32;and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $19 million , which primarily related to the closure of our Dalian, China manufacturing facility. In addition, operating income excluded net gains on asset sales of $1 million &#32;in 2012 . Operating income in 2011 &#32;excluded net rationalization charges of $16 million &#32;and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $7 million , primarily related to the closure of our Dalian, China manufacturing facility. In addition, operating income excluded net gains on asset sales of $9 million &#32;in 2011 , due primarily to the sale of land in Malaysia. Asia Pacific Tire';s results are highly dependent upon Australia, which accounted for approximately 44% of Asia Pacific Tire';s net sales in 2012 &#32;and 2011 . Accordingly, results of operations in Australia are expected to continue to have a significant impact on Asia Pacific Tire's future performance. In 2013, decreases in start-up expenses at our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China are anticipated to improve Asia Pacific Tire's operating income by $10 million to $20 million compared to 2012. 2011 Compared to 2010 Asia Pacific Tire unit sales in 2011 decreased 0.9 million units, or 4.2%, to 20.5 million units. OE volume decreased by 0.6 million units, or 6.5%, primarily in the consumer business and replacement volume decreased by 0.3 million units, or 2.6%. Decreases in OE unit sales were primarily caused by supply disruptions at OE manufacturers as a result of the natural disaster in Japan as well as flooding in Thailand. Declines in replacement unit sales in Australia and New Zealand, which were affected by a continued weak retail environment, and in Thailand, which was impacted by flooding, more than offset increased replacement unit sales in China and India. Net sales in 2011 were $2,396 million, increasing $334 million, or 16.2%, from $2,062 million in the 2010 period, due primarily to improved price and product mix of $258 million and foreign currency translation of $147 million, primarily in Australia and China, which more than offset the impact of lower volume of $64 million. Operating income in 2011 was $234 million, decreasing $16 million, or 6.4%, from $250 million in 2010, due primarily to an increase in start-up expenses for our new manufacturing facility in Pulandian, China of approximately $40 million, higher conversion costs of $13 million, lower volume of $12 million, higher SAG costs of $15 million and higher transportation costs of $6 million. These impacts were partially offset by improved price and product mix of $277 million, which more than offset higher raw material costs of $216 million, and favorable foreign currency translation of $17 million. The flooding of our factory in Thailand in the fourth quarter of 2011 reduced volume and increased conversion costs, which negatively impacted operating income by approximately $12 million. Operating income in 2011 and 2010 excluded net rationalization charges of $16 million and $11 million, respectively, and charges for accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $7 million and $12 million, respectively. In addition, operating income excluded net gains on asset sales of $9 million in 2011, due primarily to the sale of land in Malaysia, and $58 million in 2010, due primarily to the sale of a closed manufacturing facility in Taiwan and land in Thailand. 37 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and related notes to the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates, based on currently available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may alter such estimates and affect our results of operations and financial position in future periods. Our critical accounting policies relate to: &#8226; general and product liability and other litigation, &#8226; workers'; compensation, &#8226; recoverability of goodwill, &#8226; deferred tax asset valuation allowances and uncertain income tax positions, and &#8226; pensions and other postretirement benefits. General and Product Liability and Other Litigation. We have recorded liabilities totaling $298 million, including related legal fees expected to be incurred, for potential product liability and other tort claims, including asbestos claims, presently asserted against us at December 31, 2012. General and product liability and other litigation liabilities are recorded based on management';s assessment that a loss arising from these matters is probable. If the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record the amount of the estimated loss. If the loss is estimated within a range and no point within the range is more probable than another, we record the minimum amount in the range. As additional information becomes available, any potential liability related to these matters is assessed and the estimates are revised, if necessary. Loss ranges are based upon the specific facts of each claim or class of claims and are determined after review by counsel. Court rulings on our cases or similar cases may impact our assessment of the probability and our estimate of the loss, which may have an impact on our reported results of operations, financial position and liquidity. We record receivables for insurance recoveries related to our litigation claims when it is probable that we will receive reimbursement from the insurer. Specifically, we are a defendant in numerous lawsuits alleging various asbestos-related personal injuries purported to result from alleged exposure to asbestos in certain products manufactured by us or present in certain of our facilities. Typically, these lawsuits have been brought against multiple defendants in Federal and state courts. A significant assumption in our estimated asbestos liability is the period over which the liability can be reasonably estimated. Due to the difficulties in making these estimates, analysis based on new data and/or changed circumstances arising in the future may result in an increase in the recorded obligation in an amount that cannot be reasonably estimated, and that increase may be significant. We had recorded gross liabilities for both asserted and unasserted asbestos claims, inclusive of defense costs, totaling $139 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 . The portion of the liability associated with unasserted asbestos claims and related defense costs was $68 million . We maintain primary insurance coverage under coverage-in-place agreements, and also have excess liability insurance with respect to asbestos liabilities. We record a receivable with respect to such policies when we determine that recovery is probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount of a particular recovery. This determination is based on consultation with our outside legal counsel and taking into consideration agreements with certain of our insurance carriers, the financial viability and legal obligations of our insurance carriers and other relevant factors. As of December 31, 2012 , we recorded a receivable related to asbestos claims of $73 million , and we expect that approximately 50% &#32;of asbestos claim related losses would be recoverable through insurance through the period covered by the estimated liability. Of this amount, $10 million &#32;was included in Current Assets as part of Accounts receivable at December 31, 2012 . The recorded receivable consists of an amount we expect to collect under coverage-in-place agreements with certain primary carriers as well as an amount we believe is probable of recovery from certain of our excess coverage insurance carriers. Workers'; Compensation. We had recorded liabilities, on a discounted basis, of $307 million &#32;for anticipated costs related to U.S. workers'; compensation claims at December 31, 2012 . The costs include an estimate of expected settlements on pending claims, defense costs and a provision for claims incurred but not reported. These estimates are based on our assessment of potential liability using an analysis of available information with respect to pending claims, historical experience and current cost trends. The amount of our ultimate liability in respect of these matters may differ from these estimates. We periodically, and at least annually, update our loss development factors based on actuarial analyses. The liability is discounted using the risk-free rate of return. For further information on general and product liability and other litigation, and workers'; compensation, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. Recoverability of Goodwill. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if an indicator of impairment is present. Goodwill totaled $664 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 . 38 Table of Contents We have determined our reporting units to be consistent with our operating segments comprised of four strategic business units: North American Tire, Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire, Latin American Tire and Asia Pacific Tire. Goodwill is allocated to these reporting units based on the original purchase price allocation for acquisitions within the various reporting units. There have &#32; been no changes to our reporting units or in the manner in which goodwill was allocated in 2012 . Guidance under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, requires an entity to test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, with the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary or to perform a quantitative assessment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. Under the qualitative assessment, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured. After considering changes to assumptions used in our most recent quantitative annual testing, including the capital markets environment, economic conditions, tire industry competition and trends, changes in our results of operations, the magnitude of the excess of fair value over the carrying amount of each reporting unit as determined in our most recent quantitative annual testing, and other factors, we concluded it is more likely than not that the fair value of our North American Tire and Asia Pacific Tire reporting units is not less than its respective carrying value and, therefore, did not perform a quantitative analysis. Given the current economic conditions in Europe and the segment operating results of our EMEA reporting unit, we concluded that it was necessary to perform a quantitative analysis in connection with our 2012 annual goodwill impairment assessment for that reporting unit. We determined the estimated fair value of our EMEA reporting unit using a discounted cash flow approach consistent with the methodology used in our most recent quantitative annual testing. The key assumptions incorporated in the discounted cash flow approach include a growth rate, projected segment operating income, changes in our plan for capital expenditures, anticipated funding for pensions, and a discount rate equal to our assumed long-term cost of capital. Based on the testing performed in accordance with ASC 350, the annual impairment test indicated there was no impairment of goodwill in our EMEA reporting unit since the fair value exceeded the carrying value. Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances and Uncertain Income Tax Positions. At December 31, 2012 , we had valuation allowances aggregating $3.4 billion against all of our net Federal and state and certain of our foreign net deferred tax assets. We assess both negative and positive evidence when measuring the need for a valuation allowance. Evidence, such as operating results during the most recent three-year period, is given more weight than our expectations of future profitability, which are inherently uncertain. Our losses in the U.S. and certain foreign locations in recent periods represented sufficient negative evidence to require a full valuation allowance against our net Federal, state and certain of our foreign deferred tax assets. We intend to maintain valuation allowances against our net deferred tax assets until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the realization of such assets. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations, including those for transfer pricing. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary. We also recognize income tax benefits to the extent that it is more likely than not that our positions will be sustained when challenged by the taxing authorities. We derecognize income tax benefits when based on new information we determine that it is no longer more likely than not that our position will be sustained. To the extent we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established, or determine we need to derecognize tax benefits recorded in prior periods, our results of operations and effective tax rate in a given period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash, and lead to recognition of expense to the extent the settlement amount exceeds recorded liabilities and, in the case of an income tax settlement, result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. To reduce our risk of an unfavorable transfer price settlement, the Company applies consistent transfer pricing policies and practices globally, supports pricing with economic studies and seeks advance pricing agreements and joint audits to the extent possible. A favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction of expense to the extent the settlement amount is lower than recorded liabilities and, in the case of an income tax settlement, would result in a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. We report interest and penalties related to uncertain income tax positions as income taxes. For additional information regarding uncertain income tax positions and valuation allowances, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 5, Income Taxes. 39 Table of Contents Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits. We have recorded liabilities for pension and other postretirement benefits of approximately $3.5 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2012. Our recorded liabilities for pensions and other postretirement benefits are based on a number of assumptions, including: &#8226; life expectancies, &#8226; retirement rates, &#8226; discount rates, &#8226; long term rates of return on plan assets, &#8226; inflation rates, &#8226; future compensation levels, &#8226; future health care costs, and &#8226; maximum company-covered benefit costs. Certain of these assumptions are determined with the assistance of independent actuaries. Assumptions about life expectancies, retirement rates, future compensation levels and future health care costs are based on past experience and anticipated future trends. The discount rate for our U.S. plans is based on a yield curve derived from a portfolio of corporate bonds from issuers rated Aa or higher as of December 31 and is reviewed annually. Our expected benefit payment cash flows are discounted based on spot rates developed from the yield curve. The long term rate of return on plan assets is based on the compound annualized return of our U.S. pension fund over a period of 15 years or more, estimates of future long term rates of return on assets similar to the target allocation of our pension fund and long term inflation. Actual U.S. pension fund asset allocations are reviewed on a monthly basis and the pension fund is rebalanced to target ranges on an as-needed basis. These assumptions are reviewed regularly and revised when appropriate. Changes in one or more of them may affect the amount of our recorded liabilities and net periodic costs for these benefits. Other assumptions involving demographic factors such as retirement age, mortality and turnover are evaluated periodically and are updated to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. If the actual experience differs from expectations, our financial position, results of operations and liquidity in future periods may be affected. The weighted average discount rate used in estimating the total liability for our U.S. pension and other postretirement benefit plans was 3.71% &#32;and 3.30% , respectively, at December 31, 2012 , compared to 4.52% &#32;and 4.12% , respectively, at December 31, 2011 . The decrease in the discount rate at December 31, 2012 &#32;was due primarily to lower interest rate yields on highly rated corporate bonds. Interest cost included in our U.S. net periodic pension cost was $261 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $283 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $296 million &#32;in 2010 . Interest cost included in our worldwide net periodic other postretirement benefits cost was $24 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $30 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $33 million &#32;in 2010 . The following table presents the sensitivity of our U.S. projected pension benefit obligation, accumulated other postretirement benefits obligation, and annual expense to the indicated increase/decrease in key assumptions: + / &#8722; Change at December 31, 2012 (Dollars in millions) Change PBO/ABO Annual Expense Pensions: Assumption: Discount rate +/- 0.5% $406 $13 Expected return on assets +/- 1.0% N/A 40 Other Postretirement Benefits: Assumption: Discount rate +/- 0.5% $9 $-- Health care cost trends -- total cost +/- 1.0% 2 -- Subsequent to December 31, 2012, substantially all of our U.S. pension plans entered into short term zero cost interest rate option strategies in order to significantly reduce the volatility of our U.S. pension funded status. Changes in general interest rates and corporate (AA or better) credit spreads impact our discount rate and thereby our U.S. pension liability. If general interest rates were to decrease in parallel (i.e., across all maturities), the interest rate option strategies would mitigate approximately 50% of the impact of the expected rise in the pension benefit obligation. If general interest rates were to increase in parallel, the interest rate option strategies would limit the benefit of higher interest rates on our pension benefit obligation after interest rates increase 40 Table of Contents beyond specified levels, or caps. For example, a 0.50% increase in these rates would result in approximately a 10% offset to the expected decrease in the pension benefit obligation and a 1.00% increase would result in approximately a 25% offset. The options strategies have no impact on changes in our discount rate (and thereby our pension liability) that may occur due to movements in corporate (AA or better) credit spreads. At the same time, we entered into short term zero cost equity collars that cap upside and limit downside on a portion of the pension plans' U.S. equity portfolio. These agreements initially cover 75% of our equity position and decline to 50% during the year. A significant portion of the net actuarial loss included in AOCL of $3,385 million &#32;in our U.S. pension plans as of December 31, 2012 &#32;is a result of the overall decline in U.S. discount rates over time and plan asset losses. For purposes of determining our 2012 &#32;U.S. net periodic pension expense, our funded status was such that we recognized $179 million &#32;of the net actuarial loss in 2012 . We will recognize approximately $211 million &#32;of net actuarial losses in 2013 . If our future experience is consistent with our assumptions as of December 31, 2012 , actuarial loss recognition over the next few years will remain at an amount near that to be recognized in 2013 &#32;before it begins to gradually decline. The actual rate of return on our U.S. pension fund was 14.2%, 0.7% and 14.4% in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively, as compared to the expected rate of 8.50% &#32;for all three years. We use the fair value of our pension assets in the calculation of pension expense for all of our U.S. pension plans. We experienced a decrease in our U.S. discount rate at the end of 2012 &#32;and a large portion of the net actuarial loss included in AOCL of $170 million &#32;in our worldwide other postretirement benefit plans as of December 31, 2012 &#32;is a result of the overall decline in U.S. discount rates over time. For purposes of determining 2012 &#32;worldwide net periodic other postretirement benefits cost, we recognized $11 million of the net actuarial losses in 2012 . We will recognize approximately $13 million of net actuarial losses in 2013 . If our future experience is consistent with our assumptions as of December 31, 2012 , actuarial loss recognition over the next few years will remain at an amount near that to be recognized in 2013 &#32;before it begins to gradually decline. The weighted average amortization period for our U.S. pension plans is approximately 13 years. For further information on pensions and other postretirement benefits, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 16, Pension, Other Postretirement Benefits and Savings Plans. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES OVERVIEW Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from our operating and financing activities. Our cash flows from operating activities are driven primarily by our operating results and changes in our working capital requirements and our cash flows from financing activities are dependent upon our ability to access credit or other capital. We experienced weak industry conditions in 2012 as the economic recovery in developed markets was impacted by uncertainty surrounding debt and other fiscal policy issues in Europe and the United States and continued high levels of unemployment, which had a negative impact on overall economic conditions. At December 31, 2012 , we had solid liquidity, with approximately $5.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents and unused availability under our credit facilities. In 2012, we have taken significant steps to improve our capital structure through the following actions: &#8226; Issued $700 million of 7% senior notes due 2022, and used the proceeds of that note issuance to redeem all of our outstanding $650 million 10.5% senior notes due 2016; &#8226; Amended and restated our existing U.S. first lien revolving credit facility by extending the maturity from 2013 to 2017 and increasing the available commitments from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion; and &#8226; Amended and restated our existing U.S. second lien term loan facility by extending the maturity from 2014 to 2019. For further information on the other strategic initiatives we pursued in 2012 , see ";Item 7. Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Overview."; At December 31, 2012 , we had $2,281 million &#32;in Cash and Cash Equivalents, compared to $2,772 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 . For the year ended December 31, 2012 , net cash provided by operating activities was $1,038 million , primarily driven by net income of $237 million, which includes non-cash depreciation and amortization of $687 million, and an improvement in working capital of $457 million, partially offset by pension contributions of $684 million. Net cash used by investing activities was $1,123 million in 2012 and $902 million in 2011, primarily driven by capital expenditures of $1,127 million in 2012 and $1,043 million in 2011. Net cash used by financing activities was $426 million in 2012, compared to net cash provided of $994 million in 2011. 41 Table of Contents Financing activities in 2012 included net debt repayments of $265 million. Financing activities in 2011 included $484 million in net proceeds from the issuance of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and net borrowings of $562 million to fund working capital needs and capital expenditures. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we had $2,949 million &#32;and $2,544 million , respectively, of unused availability under our various credit agreements. The table below provides unused availability by our significant credit facilities as of December 31: (In millions) 2012 2011 First lien revolving credit facility $ 1,239 $ 1,093 European revolving credit facility 519 511 Chinese credit facilities 57 188 Pan-European accounts receivable facility due 2015 156 -- Other domestic and international debt 531 410 Notes payable and overdrafts 447 342 $ 2,949 $ 2,544 At December 31, 2012 , our unused availability included $57 million &#32;that can only be used to finance the relocation and expansion of our manufacturing facility in China. We have deposited our cash and cash equivalents and entered into various credit agreements and derivative contracts with financial institutions that we considered to be substantial and creditworthy at the time of such transactions. We seek to control our exposure to these financial institutions by diversifying our deposits, credit agreements and derivative contracts across multiple financial institutions, by setting deposit and counterparty credit limits based on long term credit ratings and other indicators of credit risk such as credit default swap spreads, and by monitoring the financial strength of these financial institutions on a regular basis. We also enter into master netting agreements with counterparties when possible. By controlling and monitoring exposure to financial institutions in this manner, we believe that we effectively manage the risk of loss due to nonperformance by a financial institution. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will not experience losses or delays in accessing our deposits or lines of credit due to the nonperformance of a financial institution. Our inability to access our cash deposits or make draws on our lines of credit, or the inability of a counterparty to fulfill its contractual obligations to us, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations in the period in which it occurs. In 2013 , we expect our operating needs to include global contributions to our funded pension plans of approximately $275 million &#32;to $325 million &#32;and our investing needs to include capital expenditures of approximately $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion. We also expect interest expense to range between $365 million and $390 million and, when and if future dividends are declared, dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock to be $29 million. We intend to operate the business in a way that allows us to address these needs with our existing cash and available credit if they cannot be funded by cash generated from operations. The Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (the "MAP-21 Act") was signed into law on July 6, 2012 and contains provisions that stabilize the interest rates used to calculate required pension contributions in the United States. Current historically low interest rates have resulted in significant increases to required pension contributions. The funding stabilization provisions of the MAP-21 Act are expected to reduce our total U.S. minimum required pension contributions by approximately $400 million to $450 million in the aggregate over the next five years, with the greatest benefit coming in 2013 and 2014. We currently estimate that we will be required to make contributions to our funded U.S. pension plans of approximately $175 million to $200 million in 2013 and $375 million to $425 million in 2014. For additional information, see ";Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Commitments and Contingent Liabilities."; SRI has certain minority exit rights that, if triggered and exercised, could require us to make a substantial payment to acquire SRI';s interests in GDTE and GDTNA following the determination of the fair value of SRI';s interests. For further information regarding our global alliance with SRI, including the events that could trigger SRI';s exit rights, see ";Item 1. Business. Description of Goodyear';s Business -- Global Alliance."; As of the date of this filing, SRI has not provided us notice of any exit rights that have become exercisable. Our ability to service debt and operational requirements is also dependent, in part, on the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions of cash to various other entities in our consolidated group, whether in the form of dividends, loans or otherwise. In certain countries where we operate, such as China, Venezuela and South Africa, transfers of funds into or out of such countries by way of dividends, loans, advances or payments to third-party or affiliated suppliers are generally or periodically subject to certain requirements, such as obtaining approval from the foreign government and/or currency exchange board before net assets can be transferred out of the country. In addition, certain of our credit agreements and other debt instruments limit the ability of foreign subsidiaries to make distributions of cash. Thus, we would have to repay and/or amend these credit agreements and other 42 Table of Contents debt instruments in order to use this cash to service our consolidated debt. Because of the inherent uncertainty of satisfactorily meeting these requirements or limitations, we do not consider the net assets of our subsidiaries, including our Chinese, Venezuelan and South African subsidiaries, that are subject to such requirements or limitations to be integral to our liquidity or our ability to service our debt and operational requirements. At December 31, 2012 , approximately $660 million of net assets, including $561 million of cash and cash equivalents, were subject to such requirements, including $398 million of cash in Venezuela. The requirements we must comply with to transfer funds out of China and South Africa have not adversely impacted our ability to make transfers out of those countries. Effective January 1, 2010, Venezuela';s economy was considered to be highly inflationary under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles since it experienced a rate of general inflation in excess of 100% over the latest three year period, based upon the blended Consumer Price Index and National Consumer Price Index. Accordingly, the U.S. dollar was determined to be the functional currency of our Venezuelan subsidiary. All gains and losses resulting from the remeasurement of its financial statements since January 1, 2010 were determined using official exchange rates and are reported in Other Expense. Venezuela remained a highly inflationary economy for U.S. GAAP purposes during 2012. On February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government announced the devaluation of its currency, the bolivar fuerte, effective February 13, 2013. The announcement indicated that the official exchange rate would be changed from 4.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar to 6.3 bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar. As a result, we expect to record a charge in the first quarter of 2013 in connection with the remeasurement of our balance sheet to reflect the devaluation. If calculated at the announced official exchange rate of 6.3, the charge is expected to be approximately $100 million, net of tax. &#32;As the announcement provided limited details, we are not able to fully assess the effect of the changes on our future results of operations. Further information will be available on February 13, 2013 when the government is expected to publish the decree in the Official Gazette. For further information regarding the Venezuelan currency devaluation and its anticipated impact on Goodyear, see ";Item 1. Business -- Recent Developments -- Venezuelan Currency Devaluation'"; and for a discussion of the risks related to our international operations, including Venezuela, see ";Item 1A. Risk Factors."; If in the future we convert bolivares fuertes at a rate other than the official exchange rate or the official exchange rate is revised, we may realize additional losses that would be recorded in the Statement of Operations. At December 31, 2012 , we had bolivar fuerte denominated monetary assets of $446 million, which consisted primarily of $398 million of cash, $22 million of deferred tax assets and $10 million of accounts receivable, and bolivar fuerte denominated monetary liabilities of $202 million which consisted primarily of $112 million of intercompany payables, including $59 million of dividends, $37 million of accounts payable -- trade, $24 million of long term benefits, $10 million of compensation and benefits and $4 million of income taxes payable. At December 31, 2011 , we had bolivar fuerte denominated monetary assets of $317 million, which consisted primarily of $291 million of cash, $18 million of deferred tax assets and $8 million of accounts receivable, and bolivar fuerte denominated monetary liabilities of $152 million which consisted primarily of $92 million of intercompany payables, including $59 million of dividends, $24 million of accounts payable -- trade, $15 million of compensation and benefits and $14 million of income taxes payable. All monetary assets and liabilities were remeasured at 4.3 bolivares fuertes to the U.S. dollar at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 . Goodyear Venezuela';s sales were 1.9% and 1.5% of our net sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. Goodyear Venezuela';s cost of goods sold was 1.6% and 1.2% of our cost of goods sold for the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. Goodyear Venezuela';s sales are bolivar fuerte denominated and cost of goods sold are approximately 58% bolivar fuerte denominated and approximately 42% U.S. dollar-denominated. A further 10% decrease in the 4.3 bolivar fuerte to U.S. dollar exchange rate would decrease Goodyear Venezuela';s sales and cost of goods sold by approximately $37 million and approximately $16 million, respectively, on an annual basis, before any potential offsetting actions. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 , Goodyear Venezuela settled $69 million and $11 million of U.S. dollar-denominated intercompany payables and accounts payable -- trade, respectively, through the Venezuelan currency exchange board. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2012 , substantially all of those payables were settled at the official exchange rate of 4.3 bolivares fuertes to the U.S. dollar. At December 31, 2012 , settlements of U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities pending before the currency exchange board were $222 million. Due to the government's recent announcement of the devaluation of the bolivar fuerte and lack of a published decree, we are not currently able to determine the exchange rate at which these transactions will settle. At December 31, 2012 , $46 million of the requested settlements were pending up to 180 days, $76 million were pending from 180 to 360 days and $100 million were pending over one year. Amounts pending up to 180 days include imported tires and raw materials of $46 million, amounts pending from 180 to 360 days include imported tires and raw materials of $76 million, and amounts pending over one year include dividends payable of $59 million, intercompany charges for royalties of $17 million, and imported tires of $10 million. Currency exchange controls in Venezuela continue to limit our ability to remit funds from Venezuela. Goodyear Venezuela contributed a significant portion of Latin American Tire';s sales and operating income in 2012 &#32;and 2011 . We continue to face operational challenges in Venezuela, including inflationary cost pressures, high absenteeism, and difficulties importing raw materials and finished goods. In response to conditions in Venezuela, we continue to evaluate the need to adjust 43 Table of Contents prices for our products while remaining competitive and have taken steps to address our operational challenges, including securing necessary approvals for import licenses and increasing the local production of certain tires. Our pricing policies take into account factors such as fluctuations in raw material and other production costs, market demand and adherence to government price controls. We believe that our liquidity position is adequate to fund our operating and investing needs and debt maturities in 2013 &#32;and to provide us with flexibility to respond to further changes in the business environment. If market opportunities exist, we may choose to undertake additional financing actions in order to further enhance our liquidity position, which could include obtaining new bank debt or capital markets transactions. However, the challenges we face may cause a material reduction in our liquidity as a result of an adverse change in our cash flow from operations or our access to credit or other capital. See ";Item 1A. Risk Factors"; for a more detailed discussion of these challenges. Cash Position At December 31, 2012 , significant concentrations of cash and cash equivalents held by our international subsidiaries included the following amounts: &#8226; $418 million &#32;or 18% &#32;in Europe, Middle East and Africa, primarily Belgium and Poland ( $793 million &#32;or 29% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ), &#8226; $370 million &#32;or 16% &#32;in Asia, primarily China, Australia and India ( $430 million &#32;or 16% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ), and &#8226; $622 million &#32;or 27% &#32;in Latin America, primarily Venezuela and Brazil ( $527 million &#32;or 19% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ). Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,038 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $773 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $924 million &#32;in 2010 . Operating cash flows in 2012 &#32;were favorably impacted by improvements in working capital as compared to 2011 &#32;and 2010. Net cash provided by working capital was $457 million in 2012 , compared to net cash used of $650 million and net cash provided of $52 million in 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. The improvement in working capital in 2012 was due primarily to reduced sales and production volumes and lower raw material costs. Operating cash flows in 2012 were unfavorably impacted by increased pension contributions of $390 million and the decrease in earnings compared to 2011. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities was $1,123 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $902 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $859 million &#32;in 2010 . Capital expenditures were $1,127 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $1,043 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $944 million &#32;in 2010 . Beyond expenditures required to sustain our facilities, capital expenditures in 2012 &#32;included the continued expansion of manufacturing capacity in China and Chile. Investing cash flows in 2012 declined from the 2011 period, as the 2011 period included cash inflows of $95 million from government grants related to the relocation and expansion of our manufacturing facility in China. Proceeds from asset sales were $16 million in 2012, compared to $76 million in 2011 and $70 million in 2010. Asset sales in 2011 primarily related to the sale of the farm tire business in Latin American Tire and in 2010 primarily related to the sale of a closed manufacturing facility in Asia Pacific Tire. Financing Activities Net cash used by financing activities was $426 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to net cash provided of $994 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $179 million &#32;in 2010 . Financing activities in 2012 &#32;included net debt repayments of $265 million. Financing activities in 2011 included $484 million in net proceeds from the issuance of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and net borrowings of $562 million to fund working capital needs and capital expenditures. Credit Sources In aggregate, we had total credit arrangements of $8,387 million &#32;available at December 31, 2012 , of which $2,949 million &#32;were unused, compared to $8,129 million &#32;available at December 31, 2011 , of which $2,544 million &#32;were unused. At December 31, 2012 , we had long term credit arrangements totaling $7,837 million , of which $2,501 million &#32;were unused, compared to $7,531 million &#32;and $2,202 million , respectively, at December 31, 2011 . At December 31, 2012 , we had short term committed and uncommitted credit arrangements totaling $550 million , of which $448 million &#32;were unused, compared to $598 million &#32;and $342 million , respectively, at December 31, 2011 . The continued availability of the short term uncommitted arrangements is at the discretion of the relevant lender and may be terminated at any time. See the Note to Consolidated Financial Statements, No. 14, Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments for a discussion of the issuance of our $700 million 7% senior notes due 2022, the redemption of our $650 million 10.5% senior notes due 2016, and the amendments to our first lien revolving credit facility and our second lien term loan facility. 44 Table of Contents Outstanding Notes At December 31, 2012 , we had $2,440 million of outstanding notes, compared to $2,362 million at December 31, 2011 . For additional information on our outstanding notes, refer to the Note to Consolidated Financial Statements, No. 14, Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments. $2.0 Billion Amended and Restated First Lien Revolving Credit Facility due 2017 On April 19, 2012, we amended and restated our U.S. first lien revolving credit facility. Significant changes to that facility include the extension of the maturity to April 30, 2017 and an increase of the available commitments from $1.5 billion to $2.0 billion. Our amended and restated $2.0 billion first lien revolving credit facility is available in the form of loans or letters of credit, with letter of credit availability limited to $800 million. Subject to the consent of the lenders whose commitments are to be increased, we may request that the facility be increased by up to $250 million. Our obligations under the facility are guaranteed by most of our wholly-owned U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries. Our obligations under this facility and our subsidiaries'; obligations under the related guarantees are secured by first priority security interests in a variety of collateral. Availability under the facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and certain of its U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries, after adjusting for customary factors that are subject to modification from time to time by the administrative agent or the majority lenders at their discretion (not to be exercised unreasonably). Modifications are based on the results of periodic collateral and borrowing base evaluations and appraisals. To the extent that our eligible accounts receivable and inventory decline, our borrowing base will decrease and the availability under the facility may decrease below $2.0 billion. In addition, if the amount of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit under the facility exceeds the borrowing base, we are required to prepay borrowings and/or cash collateralize letters of credit sufficient to eliminate the excess. As of December 31, 2012 , our borrowing base, and therefore our availability, under the amended and restated facility was $361 million &#32;below the facility's stated amount of $2.0 billion. At December 31, 2012 , we had no borrowings outstanding and $ 400 million &#32;of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2011 , we had no borrowings outstanding and $407 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. $1.2 Billion Amended and Restated Second Lien Term Loan Facility due 2019 On April 19, 2012, we also amended and restated our U.S. second lien term loan facility, including the extension of the maturity to April 30, 2019. Our obligations under this facility are guaranteed by most of our wholly-owned U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries and are secured by second priority security interests in the same collateral securing the $2.0 billion first lien revolving credit facility. Subject to the consent of the lenders making additional term loans, we may request that the facility be increased by up to $300 million. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , this facility was fully drawn. &#8364;400 Million Amended and Restated Senior Secured European Revolving Credit Facility due 2016 Our amended and restated &#8364;400 million revolving credit facility consists of a &#8364;100 million German tranche that is available only to Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH (the ";German borrower";) and a &#8364;300 million all-borrower tranche that is available to GDTE, the German borrower and certain of GDTE';s other subsidiaries. Up to &#8364;50 million in letters of credit are available for issuance under the all-borrower tranche. GDTE and certain of its subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, France and Germany provide guarantees to support the facility. GDTE';s obligations under the facility and the obligations of its subsidiaries under the related guarantees are secured by security interests in a variety of collateral. Goodyear and its U.S. subsidiaries and primary Canadian subsidiary that guarantee our U.S. senior secured credit facilities also provide unsecured guarantees to support the facility. As of December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , there were no borrowings under the European revolving credit facility. Letters of credit issued under the all-borrower tranche totaled $ 10 million &#32;(&#8364; 7 million ) as of December 31, 2012 &#32;and $8 million &#32;( &#8364;6 million ) as of December 31, 2011 . 45 Table of Contents Each of our first lien revolving credit facility and our European revolving credit facility have customary representations and warranties including, as a condition to borrowing, that all such representations and warranties are true and correct, in all material respects, on the date of the borrowing, including representations as to no material adverse change in our financial condition since December 31, 2011 under the first lien facility and December 31, 2010 under the European facility. Each of the facilities described above have customary defaults, including cross-defaults to material indebtedness of Goodyear and our subsidiaries. For a description of the collateral securing the above facilities as well as the covenants applicable to them, please refer to ";Covenant Compliance"; below and the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 14, Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments. International Accounts Receivable Securitization Facilities (On-Balance Sheet) GDTE and certain of its subsidiaries are parties to a pan-European accounts receivable securitization facility that provides up to &#8364;450 million of funding and expires in 2015. Utilization under this facility is based on current available receivable balances. The facility is subject to the customary renewal of its back-up liquidity commitments. On October 18, 2012, the back-up liquidity commitments were renewed for a two-year period. The facility involves an ongoing daily sale of substantially all of the trade accounts receivable of certain GDTE subsidiaries to a bankruptcy-remote French company controlled by one of the liquidity banks in the facility. These subsidiaries retain servicing responsibilities. At December 31, 2012 , the amounts available and utilized under this program totaled $348 million &#32;( &#8364;264 million ) and $192 million (&#8364;145 million), respectively. At December 31, 2011, the amount available and fully utilized under this program totaled $393 million &#32;( &#8364;303 million ). The program did not qualify for sale accounting, and accordingly, these amounts are included in Long Term Debt and Capital Leases. In addition to the pan-European accounts receivable securitization facility discussed above, subsidiaries in Australia have an accounts receivable securitization program. At December 31, 2012, the amounts available and utilized under this program were $99 million and $40 million, respectively. At December 31, 2011, the amount available and fully utilized under this program totaled $75 million. The receivables sold under this program also serve as collateral for the related facility. &#32;We retain the risk of loss related to these receivables in the event of non-payment. These amounts are included in Long Term Debt and Capital Leases Due Within One Year at December 31, 2012 &#32;and Notes Payable and Overdrafts at December 31, 2011 . Accounts Receivable Factoring Facilities (Off-Balance Sheet) Various subsidiaries sold certain of their trade receivables under off-balance sheet programs during 2012 &#32;and 2011 . For these programs, we have concluded that there is generally no risk of loss to us from non-payment of the sold receivables. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , the gross amount of receivables sold was $243 million &#32;and $190 million , respectively. Other Foreign Credit Facilities Our Chinese subsidiary has several financing arrangements in China. At December 31, 2012 , these non-revolving credit facilities had total unused availability of 360 million &#32;renminbi ( $57 million ) and can only be used to finance the relocation and expansion of our manufacturing facility in China. There were $471 million &#32;and $389 million &#32;of borrowings outstanding under these facilities at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. The facilities ultimately mature in 2020 and principal amortization begins in 2015. The facilities contain covenants relating to our Chinese subsidiary and have customary representations and warranties and defaults relating to our Chinese subsidiary';s ability to perform its obligations under the facilities. At December 31, 2012 , there was no &#32;restricted cash related to funds obtained under these credit facilities. At December 31, 2011 , restricted cash of $9 million &#32;was related to funds obtained under these credit facilities. Vendor Financing We have entered into payment processing agreements with several financial institutions. Under these agreements, the financial institution acts as our paying agent with respect to accounts payable due to our suppliers. These agreements also allow our suppliers to sell their receivables to the financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the supplier and the financial institution on terms that are negotiated between them. We are not notified when our suppliers sell receivables under this program. Our obligations to our suppliers, including the amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by our suppliers' decisions to sell their receivables under the program. At December 31, 2012, agreements for such vendor financing programs totaled approximately $400 million as compared to approximately $240 million at December 31, 2011. Covenant Compliance Our amended and restated first lien revolving and second lien credit facilities and some of the indentures governing our notes contain certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments, incur liens, sell assets, incur restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, enter into affiliate transactions, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, 46 Table of Contents merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. We have additional financial covenants in our first lien revolving and second lien credit facilities that are currently not applicable. We only become subject to these financial covenants when certain events occur. These financial covenants and related events are as follows: &#8226; We become subject to the financial covenant contained in our first lien revolving credit facility when the aggregate amount of our Parent Company (The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company) and guarantor subsidiaries cash and cash equivalents (";Available Cash";) plus our availability under our first lien revolving credit facility is less than $200 million. If this were to occur, our ratio of EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense may not be less than 2.0 to 1.0 for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. As of December 31, 2012 , our availability under this facility of $1,239 million, plus our Available Cash of $870 million, totaled $2.1 billion, which is in excess of $200 million. &#8226; We become subject to a covenant contained in our second lien credit facility upon certain asset sales. The covenant provides that, before we use cash proceeds from certain asset sales to repay any junior lien, senior unsecured or subordinated indebtedness, we must first offer to use such cash proceeds to prepay borrowings under the second lien credit facility unless our ratio of Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness to EBITDA (Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is equal to or less than 3.0 to 1.0. In addition, our amended and restated European revolving credit facility contains non-financial covenants similar to the non-financial covenants in our first and second lien credit facilities that are described above and a financial covenant applicable only to GDTE and its subsidiaries. This financial covenant provides that we are not permitted to allow GDTE';s ratio of Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness to Consolidated European J.V. EBITDA for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to be greater than 3.0 to 1.0 at the end of any fiscal quarter. Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness is determined net of the sum of cash and cash equivalents in excess of $100 million held by GDTE and its subsidiaries, cash and cash equivalents in excess of $150 million held by the Parent Company and its U.S. subsidiaries and availability under our first lien revolving credit facility if the ratio of EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense described above is not applicable and the conditions to borrowing under the first lien revolving credit facility are met. Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness also excludes loans from other consolidated Goodyear entities. This financial covenant is also included in our pan-European accounts receivable securitization facility. At December 31, 2012 , we were in compliance with this financial covenant. Our amended and restated credit facilities also state that we may only incur additional debt or make restricted payments that are not otherwise expressly permitted if, after giving effect to the debt incurrence or the restricted payment, our ratio of EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense for the prior four fiscal quarters would exceed 2.0 to 1.0. Certain of our senior note indentures have substantially similar limitations on incurring debt and making restricted payments. Our credit facilities and indentures also permit the incurrence of additional debt through other provisions in those agreements without regard to our ability to satisfy the ratio-based incurrence test described above. We believe that these other provisions provide us with sufficient flexibility to incur additional debt necessary to meet our operating, investing and financing needs without regard to our ability to satisfy the ratio-based incurrence test. There are no known future changes to, or new covenants in, any of our existing debt obligations other than as described above. Covenants could change based upon a refinancing or amendment of an existing facility, or additional covenants may be added in connection with the incurrence of new debt. As of December 31, 2012 , we were in compliance with the currently applicable material covenants imposed by our principal credit facilities and indentures. The terms ";Available Cash,"; ";EBITDA,"; ";Consolidated Interest Expense,"; ";Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness,"; ";Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio,"; ";Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness"; and ";Consolidated European J.V. EBITDA"; have the meanings given them in the respective credit facilities. Potential Future Financings In addition to our previous financing activities, we may seek to undertake additional financing actions which could include restructuring bank debt or capital markets transactions, possibly including the issuance of additional debt or equity. Given the challenges that we face and the uncertainties of the market conditions, access to the capital markets cannot be assured. Our future liquidity requirements may make it necessary for us to incur additional debt. However, a substantial portion of our assets are already subject to liens securing our indebtedness. As a result, we are limited in our ability to pledge our remaining assets as security for additional secured indebtedness. In addition, no assurance can be given as to our ability to raise additional unsecured debt. 47 Table of Contents Dividends Under our primary credit facilities we are permitted to pay dividends on our common stock as long as no default will have occurred and be continuing, additional indebtedness can be incurred under the credit facilities following the payment, and certain financial tests are satisfied. So long as any of our mandatory convertible preferred stock is outstanding, no dividend, except a dividend payable in shares of our common stock, or other shares ranking junior to the mandatory convertible preferred stock, may be paid or declared or any distribution be made on shares of our common stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the then outstanding mandatory convertible preferred stock payable on all dividend payment dates occurring on or prior to the date of such action have been declared and paid or sufficient funds have been set aside for that payment. Asset Dispositions The restrictions on asset sales imposed by our material indebtedness have not affected our strategy of divesting non-core businesses, and those divestitures have not affected our ability to comply with those restrictions. 48 Table of Contents COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES Contractual Obligations The following table presents our contractual obligations and commitments to make future payments as of December 31, 2012 : Payment Due by Period as of December 31, 2012 (In millions) Total 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Beyond 2017 Debt Obligations(1) $ 5,028 $ 184 $ 55 $ 284 $ 317 $ 262 $ 3,926 Capital Lease Obligations(2) 58 14 12 9 6 5 12 Interest Payments(3) 2,451 343 335 327 310 247 889 Operating Leases(4) 1,422 322 249 197 155 117 382 Pension Benefits(5) 2,290 338 563 463 463 463 NA Other Postretirement Benefits(6) 335 41 36 35 34 33 156 Workers'; Compensation(7) 397 57 60 36 27 21 196 Binding Commitments(8) 5,007 2,698 998 834 243 132 102 Uncertain Income Tax Positions(9) 44 13 15 11 1 1 3 $ 17,032 $ 4,010 $ 2,323 $ 2,196 $ 1,556 $ 1,281 $ 5,666 _______________________________________ (1) Debt obligations include Notes Payable and Overdrafts. (2) The minimum lease payments for capital lease obligations are $82 million. (3) These amounts represent future interest payments related to our existing debt obligations and capital leases based on fixed and variable interest rates specified in the associated debt and lease agreements. The amounts provided relate only to existing debt obligations and do not assume the refinancing or replacement of such debt. (4) Operating lease obligations have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $42 million, $33 million, $25 million, $17 million, $9 million and $5 million in each of the periods above, respectively, for a total of $131 million. Payments, net of minimum sublease rentals, total $1,291 million. The present value of the net operating lease payments is $1,000 million. The operating leases relate to, among other things, real estate, vehicles, data processing equipment and miscellaneous other assets. No asset is leased from any related party. (5) The obligation related to pension benefits is actuarially determined and is reflective of obligations as of December 31, 2012 . Although subject to change, the amounts set forth in the table represent the midpoint of the range of our estimated minimum funding requirements for U.S. defined benefit pension plans under current ERISA law and the midpoint of the range of our expected contributions to our funded non-U.S. pension plans, plus expected cash funding of direct participant payments to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. The expected contributions for our U.S. plans are based upon a number of assumptions, including: &#8226; Projected Target Liability interest rate of 6.13% for 2013 , 5.55% for 2014 , 5.03% for 2015 , 4.55% for 2016 &#32;and 4.41% for 2017 , and &#8226; plan asset returns of 8.5% for 2013 &#32;and beyond. Future contributions are also affected by other factors such as: &#8226; future interest rate levels, &#8226; the amount and timing of asset returns, and &#8226; how contributions in excess of the minimum requirements could impact the amount and timing of future contributions. (6) The payments presented above are expected payments for the next 10 years. The payments for other postretirement benefits reflect the estimated benefit payments of the plans using the provisions currently in effect. Under the relevant summary plan descriptions or plan documents we have the right to modify or terminate the plans. The obligation related to other postretirement benefits is actuarially determined on an annual basis. The estimated payments have been reduced to reflect the provisions of the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003. (7) The payments for workers'; compensation obligations are based upon recent historical payment patterns on claims. The present value of anticipated claims payments for workers'; compensation is $307 million. 49 Table of Contents (8) Binding commitments are for raw materials, capital expenditures, utilities, and various other types of contracts. The obligations to purchase raw materials include supply contracts at both fixed and variable prices. Those with variable prices are based on index rates for those commodities at December 31, 2012 . (9) These amounts primarily represent expected payments with interest for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2012 . We have reflected them in the period in which we believe they will be ultimately settled based upon our experience with these matters. Additional other long term liabilities include items such as general and product liabilities, environmental liabilities and miscellaneous other long term liabilities. These other liabilities are not contractual obligations by nature. We cannot, with any degree of reliability, determine the years in which these liabilities might ultimately be settled. Accordingly, these other long term liabilities are not included in the above table. In addition, the following contingent contractual obligations, the amounts of which cannot be estimated, are not included in the table above: &#8226; The terms and conditions of our global alliance with SRI, as set forth in the global alliance agreements between SRI and us, provide for certain minority exit rights available to SRI upon the occurrence of certain events enumerated in the global alliance agreements, including certain bankruptcy events, changes in our control or breaches of the global alliance agreements. SRI';s exit rights, in the event of the occurrence of a triggering event and the subsequent exercise of SRI';s exit rights, could require us to make a substantial payment to acquire SRI';s minority interests in GDTE and GDTNA following the determination of the fair value of SRI';s interests. For further information regarding our global alliance with SRI, including the events that could trigger SRI';s exit rights, see ";Item 1. Business. Description of Goodyear';s Business -- Global Alliance."; &#8226; Pursuant to certain long term agreements, we will purchase varying amounts of certain raw materials and finished goods at agreed upon base prices that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in raw material costs and market price adjustments, or in quantities that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in our or our suppliers production levels. We do not engage in the trading of commodity contracts or any related derivative contracts. We generally purchase raw materials and energy through short term, intermediate and long term supply contracts at fixed prices or at formula prices related to market prices or negotiated prices. We may, however, from time to time, enter into contracts to hedge our energy costs. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements An off-balance sheet arrangement is any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has: &#8226; made guarantees, &#8226; retained or held a contingent interest in transferred assets, &#8226; undertaken an obligation under certain derivative instruments, or &#8226; undertaken any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to the company, or that engages in leasing, hedging or research and development arrangements with the company. We have entered into certain arrangements under which we have provided guarantees that are off-balance sheet arrangements. Those guarantees totaled approximately $45 million at December 31, 2012 &#32;and expire at various times through 2023. For further information about our guarantees, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. 50 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION -- SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT Certain information in this Form 10-K (other than historical data and information) may constitute forward-looking statements regarding events and trends that may affect our future operating results and financial position. The words ";estimate,"; ";expect,"; ";intend"; and ";project,"; as well as other words or expressions of similar meaning, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Such statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, are inherently uncertain, are subject to risks and should be viewed with caution. Actual results and experience may differ materially from the forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including: &#8226; if we do not successfully implement our strategic initiatives, our operating results, financial condition and liquidity may be materially adversely affected; &#8226; our pension plans are significantly underfunded and further increases in the underfunded status of the plans could significantly increase the amount of our required contributions and pension expense; &#8226; we face significant global competition, increasingly from lower cost manufacturers, and our market share could decline; &#8226; deteriorating economic conditions in any of our major markets, or an inability to access capital markets or third-party financing when necessary, may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity; &#8226; higher raw material and energy costs may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition; &#8226; if we experience a labor strike, work stoppage or other similar event our financial position, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected; &#8226; work stoppages, financial difficulties or supply disruptions at our major OE customers, dealers or suppliers could harm our business; &#8226; our capital expenditures may not be adequate to maintain our competitive position and may not be implemented in a timely or cost-effective manner; &#8226; our long term ability to meet current obligations, to repay maturing indebtedness or to implement strategic initiatives is dependent on our ability to access capital markets in the future and to improve our operating results; &#8226; we have a substantial amount of debt, which could restrict our growth, place us at a competitive disadvantage or otherwise materially adversely affect our financial health; &#8226; any failure to be in compliance with any material provision or covenant of our secured credit facilities could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our results of operations; &#8226; our international operations have certain risks that may materially adversely affect our operating results; &#8226; we have foreign currency translation and transaction risks that may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity; &#8226; our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly; &#8226; we have substantial fixed costs and, as a result, our operating income fluctuates disproportionately with changes in our net sales; &#8226; we may incur significant costs in connection with our contingent liabilities and tax matters; &#8226; our reserves for contingent liabilities and our recorded insurance assets are subject to various uncertainties, the outcome of which may result in our actual costs being significantly higher than the amounts recorded; &#8226; we may be required to provide letters of credit or post cash collateral if we are subject to a significant adverse judgment or if we are unable to obtain surety bonds, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity; &#8226; we are subject to extensive government regulations that may materially adversely affect our operating results; &#8226; the terms and conditions of our global alliance with SRI provide for certain exit rights available to SRI upon the occurrence of certain events, which could require us to make a substantial payment to acquire SRI';s minority interests in GDTE and GDTNA following the determination of the fair value of those interests; &#8226; we may be adversely affected by any disruption in, or failure of, our information technology systems; &#8226; if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be materially adversely affected; and &#8226; we may be impacted by economic and supply disruptions associated with events beyond our control, such as war, acts of terror, political unrest, public health concerns, labor disputes or natural disasters. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. We will not revise or update any forward-looking statement or disclose any facts, events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof that may affect the accuracy of any forward-looking statement. 51 Table of Contents ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We utilize derivative financial instrument contracts and nonderivative instruments to manage interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity price risks. We have established a control environment that includes policies and procedures for risk assessment and the approval, reporting and monitoring of derivative financial instrument activities. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Commodity Price Risk The raw materials costs to which our operations are principally exposed include the cost of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, fabrics, steel cord and other petrochemical-based commodities. Approximately two-thirds of our raw materials are oil-based derivatives, the cost of which may be affected by fluctuations in the price of oil. We currently do not hedge commodity prices. We do, however, use various strategies to partially offset cost increases for raw materials, including centralizing purchases of raw materials through our global procurement organization in an effort to leverage our purchasing power, expanding our capabilities to substitute lower-cost raw materials and reducing the amount of natural rubber required in each tire. Interest Rate Risk We continuously monitor our fixed and floating rate debt mix. Within defined limitations, we manage the mix using refinancing. At December 31, 2012 , 38% &#32;of our debt was at variable interest rates averaging 5.50% &#32;compared to 43% at an average rate of 4.36% at December 31, 2011 . The following table presents information about long term fixed rate debt, excluding capital leases, at December 31: (In millions) 2012 2011 Carrying amount -- liability $ 3,128 $ 2,843 Fair value -- liability 3,378 2,891 Pro forma fair value -- liability 3,475 2,993 The pro forma information assumes a 100 basis point decrease in market interest rates at December 31 of each year, and reflects the estimated fair value of fixed rate debt outstanding at that date under that assumption. The sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates was determined using current market pricing models. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk We will enter into foreign currency contracts in order to manage the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on our consolidated results of operations and future foreign currency-denominated cash flows. These contracts reduce exposure to currency movements affecting existing foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities, firm commitments and forecasted transactions resulting primarily from trade purchases and sales, equipment acquisitions, intercompany loans and royalty agreements. Contracts hedging short term trade receivables and payables normally have no hedging designation. The following table presents foreign currency derivative information at December 31: (In millions) 2012 2011 Fair value -- asset (liability) $ (27 ) $ 31 Pro forma decrease in fair value (125 ) (117 ) Contract maturities 1/13 - 12/13 1/12 - 10/19 The pro forma decrease in fair value assumes a 10% adverse change in underlying foreign exchange rates at December 31 of each year, and reflects the estimated change in the fair value of positions outstanding at that date under that assumption. The sensitivity of our foreign currency positions to changes in exchange rates was determined using current market pricing models. 52 Table of Contents Fair values are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31 as follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 Asset (liability): Accounts Receivable $ 2 $ 37 Other Current Liabilities (29 ) (5 ) Other Long Term Liabilities -- (1 ) For further information on foreign currency contracts, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 14, Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments. See ";Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations -- Liquidity and Capital Resources"; for a discussion of our management of counterparty risk. 53 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Management';s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 55 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 56 Consolidated Financial Statements of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company: Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years ended December 31, 201 2 57 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for each of the three years ended December 31, 2012 58 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 20 11 59 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders'; Equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 201 2 60 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 201 2 64 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 65 Supplementary Data (unaudited) 117 Financial Statement Schedules: The following consolidated financial statement schedules of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company are filed as part of this Report on Form 10-K and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company: Schedule I -- Condensed Financial Information of Registrant FS-2 Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts FS-9 Schedules not listed above have been omitted since they are not applicable or are not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 54 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT';S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company';s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company';s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an assessment of the Company';s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 &#32;using the framework specified in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework , published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on such assessment, management has concluded that the Company';s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012 . The effectiveness of the Company';s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 &#32;has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 55 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To The Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2012 &#32;in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2012 , based on criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company';s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management';s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedules, and on the Company';s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company';s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company';s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company';s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP Cleveland, Ohio February 12, 2013 56 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Net Sales $ 20,992 $ 22,767 $ 18,832 Cost of Goods Sold 17,163 18,821 15,452 Selling, Administrative and General Expense 2,718 2,822 2,630 Rationalizations (Note 2) 175 103 240 Interest Expense (Note 3) 357 330 316 Other Expense (Note 4) 139 73 186 Income before Income Taxes 440 618 8 United States and Foreign Taxes (Note 5) 203 201 172 Net Income (Loss) 237 417 (164 ) Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income 25 74 52 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) 212 343 (216 ) Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 29 22 -- Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ 183 $ 321 $ (216 ) Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders -- Per Share of Common Stock Basic $ 0.75 $ 1.32 $ (0.89 ) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Note 6) 245 244 242 Diluted $ 0.74 $ 1.26 $ (0.89 ) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Note 6) 247 271 242 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 57 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net Income (Loss) $ 237 $ 417 $ (164 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0 in 2012, $0 in 2011 and $1 in 2010) 83 (186 ) 16 Defined benefit plans: Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $9 in 2012, $8 in 2011 and $6 in 2010) 209 162 167 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $54 in 2012, $26 in 2011 and $23 in 2010) (979 ) (769 ) (167 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements, and divestitures (net of tax of $1 in 2012, $1 in 2011 and $4 in 2010) 11 18 60 Prior service credit (cost) from plan amendments (net of tax of $3 in 2012, $0 in 2011 and $0 in 2010) 73 -- (1 ) Deferred derivative gains (losses) (net of tax of $0 in 2012, $1 in 2011 and $0 in 2010) (5 ) 4 (2 ) Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax benefit of $3 in 2012, tax of $2 in 2011 and $0 in 2010) (11 ) 8 -- Unrealized investment gains (net of tax of $0 in all periods) -- 5 6 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (619 ) (758 ) 79 Comprehensive Loss (382 ) (341 ) (85 ) Less: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Minority Shareholders (20 ) 37 29 Goodyear Comprehensive Loss $ (362 ) $ (378 ) $ (114 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 58 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (In millions, except share data) 2012 2011 Assets Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents (Note 1) $ 2,281 $ 2,772 Accounts Receivable (Note 8) 2,563 2,849 Inventories (Note 9) 3,250 3,856 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 404 335 Total Current Assets 8,498 9,812 Goodwill (Note 10) 664 654 Intangible Assets (Note 10) 140 157 Deferred Income Taxes (Note 5) 186 145 Other Assets (Note 11) 529 486 Property, Plant and Equipment (Note 12) 6,956 6,375 Total Assets $ 16,973 $ 17,629 Liabilities Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable-Trade $ 3,223 $ 3,668 Compensation and Benefits (Notes 16 and 17) 719 799 Other Current Liabilities 1,182 1,050 Notes Payable and Overdrafts (Note 14) 102 256 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases due Within One Year (Note 14) 96 156 Total Current Liabilities 5,322 5,929 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases (Note 14) 4,888 4,789 Compensation and Benefits (Notes 16 and 17) 4,340 4,002 Deferred and Other Noncurrent Income Taxes (Note 5) 264 244 Other Long Term Liabilities 1,000 1,041 Total Liabilities 15,814 16,005 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 18) Minority Shareholders'; Equity (Note 1) 534 607 Shareholders'; Equity Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity Preferred Stock, no par value: (Note 19) Authorized, 50 million shares, Outstanding shares -- 10 million (10 million in 2011), liquidation preference $50 per share 500 500 Common Stock, no par value: Authorized, 450 million shares, Outstanding shares -- 245 million (245 million in 2011) 245 245 Capital Surplus 2,815 2,808 Retained Earnings 1,370 1,187 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Note 20) (4,560 ) (3,991 ) Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 370 749 Minority Shareholders'; Equity -- Nonredeemable 255 268 Total Shareholders'; Equity 625 1,017 Total Liabilities and Shareholders'; Equity $ 16,973 $ 17,629 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 59 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY Accumulated Minority Other Goodyear Shareholders' Total Common Stock Capital Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' Equity - Non- Shareholders' (Dollars in millions) Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Equity Redeemable Equity Balance at December 31, 2009 (after deducting 8,687,196 common treasury shares) 242,202,419 $ 242 $ 2,783 $ 1,082 $ (3,372 ) $ 735 $ 251 $ 986 Comprehensive income (loss): Net (loss) income (216 ) (216 ) 34 (182 ) Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $1) 55 55 5 60 Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in net periodic benefit cost (net of tax of $6) 162 162 162 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $21) (178 ) (178 ) (178 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments and settlements (net of tax of $4) 60 60 60 Prior service cost from plan amendments (net of tax of $0) (1 ) (1 ) (1 ) Deferred derivative loss (net of tax of $0) (2 ) (2 ) (2 ) Unrealized investment gains (net of tax of $0) 6 6 6 Other comprehensive income (loss) 102 5 107 Total comprehensive income (loss) (114 ) 39 (75 ) Dividends declared to minority shareholders (13 ) (13 ) Stock-based compensation plans 16 16 16 Common stock issued from treasury (Note 17) 736,530 1 6 7 7 Balance at December 31, 2010 (after deducting 7,950,743 common treasury shares) 242,938,949 $ 243 $ 2,805 $ 866 $ (3,270 ) $ 644 $ 277 $ 921 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 60 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY -- (Continued) Accumulated Minority Other Goodyear Shareholders' Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Capital Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' Equity - Non- Shareholders' (Dollars in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Equity Redeemable Equity Balance at December 31, 2010 (after deducting 7,950,743 common treasury shares) -- $ -- 242,938,949 $ 243 $ 2,805 $ 866 $ (3,270 ) $ 644 $ 277 $ 921 Comprehensive income (loss): Net income 343 343 39 382 Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0) (140 ) (140 ) (27 ) (167 ) Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $8) 157 157 157 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $28) (770 ) (770 ) (770 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements, and divestitures (net of tax of $1) 18 18 18 Deferred derivative gain (net of tax of $1) 3 3 3 Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax of $2) 6 6 6 Unrealized investment gains (net of tax of $0) 5 5 5 Other comprehensive income (loss) (721 ) (27 ) (748 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) (378 ) 12 (366 ) Dividends declared to minority shareholders (20 ) (20 ) Stock-based compensation plans 13 13 13 Preferred stock issued (Note 19) 10,000,000 500 (16 ) 484 484 Preferred stock dividends declared (Note 19) (22 ) (22 ) (22 ) Common stock issued from treasury (Note 17) 1,596,892 2 6 8 8 Other (1 ) (1 ) Balance at December 31, 2011 (after deducting 6,353,851 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 244,535,841 $ 245 $ 2,808 $ 1,187 $ (3,991 ) $ 749 $ 268 $ 1,017 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 61 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY -- (Continued) Accumulated Minority Other Goodyear Shareholders' Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Capital Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' Equity - Non- Shareholders' (Dollars in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Equity Redeemable Equity Balance at December 31, 2011 (after deducting 6,353,851 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 244,535,841 $ 245 $ 2,808 $ 1,187 $ (3,991 ) $ 749 $ 268 $ 1,017 Purchase of subsidiary shares from minority interest (13 ) 5 (8 ) (47 ) (55 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income 212 212 35 247 Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0) 51 51 14 65 Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $9) 203 203 203 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $44) (898 ) (898 ) (898 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements and divestitures (net of tax of $1) 9 9 9 Prior service credit from plan amendments (net of tax of $3) 72 72 72 Deferred derivative loss (net of tax of $0) (4 ) (4 ) (4 ) Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax benefit of $3) (7 ) (7 ) (7 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) (574 ) 14 (560 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) (362 ) 49 (313 ) Dividends declared to minority shareholders (15 ) (15 ) Stock-based compensation plans 17 17 17 Preferred stock dividends declared (Note 19) (29 ) (29 ) (29 ) Common stock issued from treasury (Note 17) 704,921 -- 3 3 3 Balance at December 31, 2012 (after deducting 5,648,930 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 245,240,762 $ 245 $ 2,815 $ 1,370 $ (4,560 ) $ 370 $ 255 $ 625 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 62 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY -- (Continued) The following table presents changes in Minority Equity presented outside of Shareholders'; Equity: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Balance at beginning of year $ 607 $ 584 $ 593 Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) (10 ) 35 18 Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0 in all periods) 18 (19 ) (44 ) Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $0 in all periods) 6 5 5 Decrease (increase) in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $10 in 2012, tax of $2 in 2011, and benefit of $2 in 2010) (81 ) 1 11 Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments and settlements (net of tax of $0 in all periods) 2 -- -- Prior service credit from defined benefit plan amendment (net of tax of $0 in all periods) 1 -- -- Deferred derivative gain (loss) (net of tax of $0 in all periods) (1 ) 1 -- Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax of $0 in all periods) (4 ) 2 -- Total comprehensive income (loss) (69 ) 25 (10 ) Dividends declared to minority shareholders (4 ) (2 ) -- Other -- -- 1 Balance at end of year $ 534 $ 607 $ 584 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 63 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income (Loss) $ 237 $ 417 $ (164 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 687 715 652 Amortization and write-off of debt issuance costs 67 34 27 Net rationalization charges (Note 2) 175 103 240 Net gains on asset sales (Note 4) (25 ) (16 ) (73 ) Pension contributions and direct payments (684 ) (294 ) (405 ) Rationalization payments (106 ) (142 ) (57 ) Venezuela currency devaluation (Note 4) -- -- 134 Customer prepayments and government grants 131 212 6 Insurance proceeds 50 -- -- Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of asset acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable 291 (337 ) (181 ) Inventories 619 (1,009 ) (536 ) Accounts payable -- trade (453 ) 696 769 Compensation and benefits 260 384 428 Other current liabilities (24 ) 89 103 Other assets and liabilities (187 ) (79 ) (19 ) Total Cash Flows from Operating Activities 1,038 773 924 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (1,127 ) (1,043 ) (944 ) Asset dispositions 16 76 70 Government grants received 2 95 -- Decrease (increase) in restricted cash 11 (25 ) (11 ) Increase in short term securities (29 ) (4 ) -- Other transactions (Note 11) 4 (1 ) 26 Total Cash Flows from Investing Activities (1,123 ) (902 ) (859 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short term debt and overdrafts incurred 77 179 85 Short term debt and overdrafts paid (156 ) (138 ) (68 ) Long term debt incurred 3,531 3,171 1,750 Long term debt paid (3,717 ) (2,650 ) (1,555 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock (Note 19) -- 484 -- Preferred stock dividends paid (Note 19) (29 ) (15 ) -- Common stock issued (Note 17) 3 8 1 Transactions with minority interests in subsidiaries (71 ) (24 ) (13 ) Debt related costs and other transactions (64 ) (21 ) (21 ) Total Cash Flows from Financing Activities (426 ) 994 179 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 20 (98 ) (161 ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents (491 ) 767 83 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year 2,772 2,005 1,922 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year $ 2,281 $ 2,772 $ 2,005 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 64 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Accounting Policies A summary of the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements follows: Basis of Presentation Recently Issued Accounting Standards In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standards update requiring new disclosures about reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income. These disclosures may be presented on the face of the statements or in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The standards update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2012. We will adopt this standards update and revise our disclosure, as required, beginning with the first quarter of 2013. In December 2011, the FASB issued an accounting standards update requiring new disclosures about financial instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset by or subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The standards update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2012. We will adopt this standards update and revise our disclosure, as required, beginning with the first quarter of 2013. In July 2012, the FASB issued an accounting standards update with new guidance on annual impairment testing of indefinite-lived intangible assets. The standards update allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If based on its qualitative assessment an entity concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, quantitative impairment testing is required. However, if an entity concludes otherwise, quantitative impairment testing is not required. The standards update is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this standard will not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Effective January 1, 2012, we adopted an accounting standards update with new guidance on fair value measurement and disclosure requirements. This standard provides guidance on the application of fair value accounting where it is already required or permitted by other standards. This standard also requires additional disclosures related to transfers of financial instruments within the fair value hierarchy and quantitative and qualitative disclosures related to significant unobservable inputs. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Effective January 1, 2012, we adopted accounting standards updates with guidance on the presentation of other comprehensive income. These standards require an entity to either present components of net income and other comprehensive income in one continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements. Accordingly, we have presented net income and other comprehensive income in two consecutive statements. Other We are a party to shareholder agreements concerning certain of our less-than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries. Under the terms of certain of these agreements, the minority shareholders have the right to require us to purchase their ownership interests in the respective subsidiaries if there is a change in control of the Company, a bankruptcy of the Company, or other circumstances. Accordingly, we have reported the minority equity in those subsidiaries outside of shareholders'; equity. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary. Investments in companies in which we do not own a majority interest and we have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for using the equity method. Investments in other companies are carried at cost. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 65 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and related notes to financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates, including those related to: &#8226; recoverability of intangibles and other long-lived assets, &#8226; deferred tax asset valuation allowances and uncertain income tax positions, &#8226; workers'; compensation, &#8226; general and product liabilities and other litigation, &#8226; pension and other postretirement benefits, and &#8226; various other operating allowances and accruals, based on currently available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may alter such estimates and affect results of operations and financial position in future periods. Revenue Recognition and Accounts Receivable Valuation Revenues are recognized when finished products are shipped to unaffiliated customers, both title and the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred or services have been rendered and accepted, and collectability is reasonably assured. A provision for sales returns, discounts and allowances is recorded at the time of sale. Appropriate provisions are made for uncollectible accounts based on historical loss experience, portfolio duration, economic conditions and credit risk. The adequacy of the allowances are assessed quarterly. Shipping and Handling Costs Costs incurred for transportation of products to customers are recorded as a component of Cost of Goods Sold (";CGS";). Research and Development Costs Research and development costs include, among other things, materials, equipment, compensation and contract services. These costs are expensed as incurred and included as a component of CGS. Research and development expenditures were $370 million , $369 million , and $342 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 , and 2010 , respectively. Warranty Warranties are provided on the sale of certain of our products and services and an accrual for estimated future claims is recorded at the time revenue is recognized. Tire replacement under most of the warranties we offer is on a prorated basis. Warranty reserves are based on past claims experience, sales history and other considerations. Refer to Note 18 . Environmental Cleanup Matters We expense environmental costs related to existing conditions resulting from past or current operations and from which no current or future benefit is discernible. Expenditures that extend the life of the related property or mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination are capitalized. We determine our liability on a site by site basis and record a liability at the time when it is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Our estimated liability is reduced to reflect the anticipated participation of other potentially responsible parties in those instances where it is probable that such parties are legally responsible and financially capable of paying their respective shares of the relevant costs. Our estimated liability is not discounted or reduced for possible recoveries from insurance carriers. Refer to Note 18 . Legal Costs We record a liability for estimated legal and defense costs related to pending general and product liability claims, environmental matters and workers'; compensation claims. Refer to Note 18 . 66 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Advertising Costs Costs incurred for producing and communicating advertising are generally expensed when incurred as a component of Selling, Administrative and General Expense (";SAG";). Costs incurred under our cooperative advertising program with dealers and franchisees are generally recorded as reductions of sales as related revenues are recognized. Advertising costs, including costs for our cooperative advertising programs with dealers and franchisees, were $435 million , $471 million , and $396 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 , and 2010 , respectively. Rationalizations We record costs for rationalization actions implemented to reduce excess and high-cost manufacturing capacity and operating and administrative costs. Associate-related costs include severance, supplemental unemployment compensation and benefits, medical benefits, pension curtailments, postretirement benefits, and other termination benefits. For ongoing benefit arrangements, a liability is recognized when it is probable that employees will be entitled to benefits and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These conditions are generally met when the restructuring plan is approved by management. For one-time benefit arrangements, a liability is incurred and must be accrued at the date the plan is communicated to employees, unless they will be retained beyond a minimum retention period. In this case, the liability is calculated at the date the plan is communicated to employees and is accrued ratably over the future service period. Other costs generally include non-cancelable lease costs, contract terminations, and relocation costs. A liability for these costs is recognized in the period in which the liability is incurred. Rationalization charges related to accelerated depreciation and asset impairments are recorded in CGS or SAG. Refer to Note 2 . Income Taxes Income taxes are recognized during the year in which transactions enter into the determination of financial statement income, with deferred taxes being provided for temporary differences between amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and such amounts as measured under applicable tax laws. The effect on deferred tax assets or liabilities of a change in the tax law or tax rate is recognized in the period the change is enacted. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The calculation of our tax liabilities also involves considering uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on our estimate of whether it is more likely than not that additional taxes will be required and we report related interest and penalties as income taxes. Refer to Note 5 . Cash and Cash Equivalents / Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original maturities of three months or less. Substantially all of our cash and short-term investment securities are held with investment grade-rated counterparties. At December 31, 2012 , our cash investments with any single counterparty did not exceed $350 million . Cash flows associated with derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of identifiable transactions or events are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the related hedged items. Cash flows associated with derivative financial instruments not designated as hedges are classified as operating activities. Bank overdrafts are recorded within Notes payable and overdrafts. Cash flows associated with bank overdrafts are classified as financing activities. Customer prepayments for products and government grants received that are related to operations are reported as operating activities. Government grants received that are solely related to capital expenditures are reported as investing activities. The Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows is presented net of $41 million &#32;of new capital leases in 2012 . Restricted Net Assets In certain countries where we operate, transfers of funds into or out of such countries by way of dividends, loans or advances are generally or periodically subject to various restrictive governmental regulations. In addition, certain of our credit agreements and other debt instruments restrict the ability of foreign subsidiaries to make cash distributions. At December 31, 2012 , approximately $660 million &#32;of net assets were subject to such restrictions. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out or the average cost method. Costs include direct material, direct labor and applicable manufacturing and engineering overhead. We allocate fixed manufacturing overheads based on normal production capacity and recognize abnormal manufacturing costs as period costs. We determine a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based on management';s review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Refer to Note 9 . 67 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Goodwill is recorded when the cost of acquired businesses exceeds the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized, but are assessed for impairment annually as of July 31. In addition, impairment testing is conducted when events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives would be written down to fair value if considered impaired. Guidance under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, requires an entity to test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, with the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary or to perform a quantitative assessment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. Under the qualitative assessment, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. If under the quantitative assessment the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the amount of the impairment loss, if any, must be measured. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized to their estimated residual values over such finite lives, and reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances warrant such a review. Refer to Note 10 . Investments Investments in marketable securities are stated at fair value. Fair value is determined using quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period and, when appropriate, exchange rates at that date. Unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (";AOCL";), net of tax. We regularly review our investments to determine whether a decline in fair value below the cost basis is other than temporary. If the decline in fair value is judged to be other than temporary, the cost basis of the security is written down to fair value and the amount of the write-down is included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Notes 11 &#32;and 20 . Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Additions and improvements that substantially extend the useful life of property, plant and equipment, and interest costs incurred during the construction period of major projects are capitalized. Government grants to us that are solely related to capital expenditures are recorded as reductions of the cost of the associated assets. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Property, plant and equipment are depreciated to their estimated residual values over their estimated useful lives, and reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances warrant such a review. Depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment was $684 million , $711 million &#32;and $648 million &#32;in 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Refer to Notes 3 &#32;and 12 . Foreign Currency Translation The functional currency for most subsidiaries outside the United States is the local currency. Financial statements of these subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at each balance sheet date for assets and liabilities and a weighted average exchange rate for each period for revenues, expenses, gains and losses. The U.S. dollar is used as the functional currency in countries with a history of high inflation, including Venezuela, and in countries that predominantly sell into the U.S. dollar export market. For all operations, gains or losses from remeasuring foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are included in Other Expense. Translation adjustments are recorded in AOCL. Income taxes are generally not provided for foreign currency translation adjustments. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities To qualify for hedge accounting, hedging instruments must be designated as hedges and meet defined correlation and effectiveness criteria. These criteria require that the anticipated cash flows and/or changes in fair value of the hedging instrument substantially offset those of the position being hedged. Derivative contracts are reported at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as both current and long term Accounts Receivable or Other Liabilities. Deferred gains and losses on contracts designated as cash flow hedges are recorded net of tax in AOCL. Ineffectiveness in hedging relationships is recorded in Other Expense in the current period. Interest Rate Contracts -- &#32;Gains and losses on contracts designated as cash flow hedges are initially deferred and recorded in AOCL. Amounts are transferred from AOCL and recognized in income as Interest Expense in the same period that the hedged item is recognized in income. Gains and losses on contracts designated as fair value hedges are recognized in income in the current period as Interest Expense. Gains and losses on contracts with no hedging designation are recorded in the current period in Other Expense. 68 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Foreign Currency Contracts -- &#32;Gains and losses on contracts designated as cash flow hedges are initially deferred and recorded in AOCL. Amounts are transferred from AOCL and recognized in income in the same period and on the same line that the hedged item is recognized in income. Gains and losses on contracts designated as fair value hedges, excluding premiums, are recorded in Other Expense in the current period. Gains and losses on contracts with no hedging designation are also recorded in Other Expense in the current period. We do not include premiums paid on forward currency contracts in our assessment of hedge effectiveness. Premiums on contracts designated as hedges are recognized in Other Expense over the life of the contract. Net Investment Hedging -- &#32;Nonderivative instruments denominated in foreign currencies are used from time to time to hedge net investments in foreign subsidiaries. Gains and losses on these instruments are deferred and recorded in AOCL as Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments. These gains and losses are only recognized in income upon the complete or partial sale of the related investment or the complete liquidation of the investment. Termination of Contracts -- &#32;Gains and losses (including deferred gains and losses in AOCL) are recognized in Other Expense when contracts are terminated concurrently with the termination of the hedged position. To the extent that such position remains outstanding, gains and losses are amortized to Interest Expense or to Other Expense over the remaining life of that position. Gains and losses on contracts that we temporarily continue to hold after the early termination of a hedged position, or that otherwise no longer qualify for hedge accounting, are recognized in income in Other Expense. Refer to Note 14 . Stock-Based Compensation We measure compensation cost arising from the grant of share-based awards to employees at fair value and recognize such cost in income over the period during which the service is provided, usually the vesting period. We recognize compensation expense using the straight-line approach. Share-based awards to employees include grants of performance share units and stock options. We measure the fair value of grants of performance share units based primarily on the closing market price of a share of our common stock on the date of the grant, modified as appropriate to take into account the features of such grants. We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Assumptions used to estimate compensation expense are determined as follows: &#8226; Expected term is determined using a weighted average of the contractual term and vesting period of the award under the simplified method, as historical data was not sufficient to provide a reasonable estimate; &#8226; Expected volatility is measured using the weighted average of historical daily changes in the market price of our common stock over the expected term of the award and implied volatility calculated for our exchange traded options with an expiration date greater than one year; &#8226; Risk-free interest rate is equivalent to the implied yield on zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bonds with a remaining maturity equal to the expected term of the awards; and &#8226; Forfeitures are based substantially on the history of cancellations of similar awards granted in prior years. Refer to Note 17 . Earnings Per Share of Common Stock Basic earnings per share are computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share primarily reflects the dilutive impact of outstanding stock options, our mandatory convertible preferred stock and related dividends. All earnings per share amounts in these notes to the consolidated financial statements are diluted, unless otherwise noted. Refer to Note 6 . Fair Value Measurements Valuation Hierarchy Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified using the following hierarchy, which is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation as of the measurement date. &#8226; Level 1 -- Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. &#8226; Level 2 -- Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or other inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. &#8226; Level 3 -- Valuation is based upon other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement. 69 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The classification of fair value measurements within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement. Valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value are as follows: Investments Where quoted prices are available in an active market, investments are classified within Level 1 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 &#32;securities include highly liquid government bonds, certain mortgage products and exchange-traded equities. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are estimated using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the security, and would be classified within Level 2 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less transparency around inputs to the valuation, securities would be classified within Level 3 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. Derivative Financial Instruments Exchange-traded derivative financial instruments that are valued using quoted prices would be classified within Level 1 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. Derivative financial instruments valued using internally-developed models that use as their basis readily observable market parameters are classified within Level 2 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. Derivative financial instruments that are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters, and that are normally traded less actively, would be classified within Level 3 &#32;of the valuation hierarchy. Refer to Notes 14 &#32;and 15 . Reclassifications Certain items previously reported in specific financial statement captions have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. 70 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 2. Costs Associated with Rationalization Programs In order to maintain our global competitiveness, we have implemented rationalization actions over the past several years to reduce excess and high-cost manufacturing capacity and to reduce associate headcount. The net rationalization charges included in Income before Income Taxes are as follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 New charges $ 178 $ 106 $ 261 Reversals (3 ) (3 ) (21 ) $ 175 $ 103 $ 240 The following table presents the roll-forward of the liability balance between periods: (In millions) Associate-related Costs Other Costs Total Balance at December 31, 2009 $ 120 $ 25 $ 145 2010 charges 237 24 261 Incurred (129 ) (26 ) (155 ) Reversed to the Statement of Operations (16 ) (5 ) (21 ) Balance at December 31, 2010 $ 212 $ 18 $ 230 2011 charges 60 46 106 Incurred (104 ) (45 ) (149 ) Reversed to the Statement of Operations (2 ) (1 ) (3 ) Balance at December 31, 2011 $ 166 $ 18 $ 184 2012 charges 142 36 178 Incurred (77 ) (30 ) (107 ) Reversed to the Statement of Operations (2 ) (1 ) (3 ) Balance at December 31, 2012 $ 229 $ 23 $ 252 Rationalization actions initiated in 2012 &#32;consisted primarily of Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire's (";EMEA";) plan to exit the farm tire business and discontinue farm tire production at one of our facilities in Amiens, France, which would result in the full closure of that facility. Charges of $74 million &#32;were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2012 related to these activities. In addition, North American Tire initiated manufacturing headcount reductions at several facilities and also reduced SAG expenses through headcount reductions. Asia Pacific Tire also initiated plans relating to the closure of several retail facilities in Australia and New Zealand. Other rationalization actions in 2012 related to plans to reduce manufacturing and SAG expenses through headcount reductions in all of our strategic business units. During 2012 , net rationalization charges of $175 million &#32;were recorded. New charges of $178 million &#32;were comprised of $142 million &#32;for plans initiated in 2012 , consisting of $126 million &#32;for associate severance and other related costs and $16 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs, and $36 million &#32;for plans initiated in prior years, consisting of $16 million &#32;for associate severance and other related costs and $20 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs. These amounts include $176 million &#32;related to future cash outflows and $2 million &#32;for pension settlements, curtailments and termination benefits. The net charges in 2012 &#32;also included the reversal of $3 million &#32;of reserves for actions no longer needed for their originally-intended purposes. Approximately 2,200 &#32;associates will be released under 2012 &#32;plans of which 1,000 &#32;were released in 2012 . In total, approximately 1,800 &#32;associates remain to be released under rationalization plans, including approximately 1,200 &#32;associates related to the announced plan to exit the farm tire business and close one of our facilities in Amiens, France. 71 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The accrual balance of $252 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;consists of $229 million &#32;for associate severance costs that are expected to be substantially utilized within the next twelve months and $23 million &#32;primarily for long term non-cancelable lease costs. At December 31, 2012 , $170 million &#32;of the accrual balance relates to plans associated with the announced closure of one of our facilities in Amiens, France, and $21 million &#32;relates to the closure of our Union City, Tennessee manufacturing facility (";Union City";). Asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $20 million &#32;were recorded in CGS in 2012 &#32;and were related primarily to property and equipment in our Dalian, China manufacturing facility, which ceased production in the third quarter of 2012. In 2011, EMEA and Asia Pacific Tire initiated plans to reduce manufacturing, selling, administrative and general expenses through headcount reductions. In addition, Asia Pacific Tire initiated a plan related to the relocation of its manufacturing facility in Dalian, China to Pulandian, China. During 2011 , net rationalization charges of $103 million &#32;were recorded. New charges of $106 million &#32;were comprised of $25 million &#32;for plans initiated in 2011 , consisting of $19 million &#32;for associate severance and other related costs and $6 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs, and $81 million &#32;for plans initiated in prior years, consisting of $41 million &#32;of associate severance and other related costs and $40 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs, primarily related to the closure of Union City in July 2011. These amounts include $104 million &#32;related to future cash outflows and $2 million &#32;for pension settlements, curtailments and other termination benefits. The net charges in 2011 &#32;also included the reversal of $3 million &#32;of reserves for actions no longer needed for their originally-intended purposes. Approximately 500 &#32;associates were to be released under 2011 &#32;plans, all of which were released by December 31, 2012 . Asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $50 million &#32;were recorded in CGS in 2011 and were related primarily to property and equipment in Union City. In 2010, North American Tire initiated plans to close Union City to reduce high-cost manufacturing capacity and to consolidate several warehouses to further improve its supply chain. EMEA recognized increased costs related to the announced discontinuation of consumer tire production at one of our facilities in Amiens, France. Asia Pacific Tire initiated and substantially completed the closure of a manufacturing facility in Taipei, Taiwan. During 2010 , net rationalization charges of $240 million &#32;were recorded. New charges of $261 million &#32;were comprised of $195 million &#32;for plans initiated in 2010 , consisting of $191 million &#32;of associate severance and other related costs and $4 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs, and $66 million &#32;for plans initiated in 2009, consisting of $ 46 million &#32;of associate severance and other related costs and $ 20 million &#32;for other exit and non-cancelable lease costs. These amounts include $177 million &#32;related to future cash outflows and $84 million &#32;for other non-cash exit costs, substantially all of which were for pension settlements, curtailments and other termination benefits. The net charges in 2010 also included the reversal of $21 million &#32;of reserves for actions no longer needed for their originally-intended purposes. Approximately 2,200 &#32;associates were to be released under 2010 &#32;plans, all of which were released by December 31, 2011. Asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $15 million &#32;were recorded in CGS in 2010 &#32;and were related primarily to the closure of our Taiwan facility. Note 3. Interest Expense Interest expense includes interest and amortization of debt discounts, less amounts capitalized, as follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Interest expense before capitalization $ 379 $ 361 $ 342 Capitalized interest (22 ) (31 ) (26 ) $ 357 $ 330 $ 316 Cash payments for interest, net of amounts capitalized were $336 million , $309 million &#32;and $301 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. In the first quarter of 2012, we recorded an out of period adjustment of $13 million &#32;of additional interest expense to correct capitalized interest recorded in prior periods. 72 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 4. Other Expense (In millions) Expense(Income) 2012 2011 2010 Financing fees and financial instruments $ 156 $ 89 $ 95 Royalty income (38 ) (47 ) (30 ) Net foreign currency exchange losses 26 27 159 Net gains on asset sales (25 ) (16 ) (73 ) Interest income (17 ) (16 ) (11 ) General and product liability -- discontinued products 8 21 11 Miscellaneous expense 29 15 35 $ 139 $ 73 $ 186 Financing fees and financial instruments expense was $156 million &#32;in 2012 , compared to $89 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and $95 million &#32;in 2010 . Financing fees and financial instruments expense consists of the amortization of deferred financing fees, commitment fees and charges incurred in connection with financing transactions. Financing fees in 2012 &#32;included $ 86 million &#32;related to the redemption of $650 million &#32;in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% &#32;senior notes due 2016, of which $59 million &#32;related to cash premiums paid on the redemption and $27 million &#32;related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount, and $ 24 million &#32;of charges related to the amendment and restatement of our U.S. second lien term loan facility. Financing fees in 2011 included $53 million &#32;of charges on the redemption of $350 million &#32;in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% senior notes due 2016, of which $37 million &#32;related to cash premium paid on the redemption and $16 million &#32;related to the write-off of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount. Financing fees in 2010 included $ 50 million &#32;of cash premiums paid and $ 6 million &#32;of financing fees which were written-off on the redemption of $ 973 million &#32;of long term debt. Royalty income is derived primarily from licensing arrangements related to divested businesses and to our chemical operations. Royalty income in 2011 included the recognition of $6 million &#32;of income related to a non-recurring transaction. Net foreign currency exchange losses in 2012 &#32;were $26 million , compared to losses of $27 million &#32;and $159 million &#32;in 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Foreign currency exchange in all periods reflected net gains and losses resulting from the effect of exchange rate changes on various foreign currency transactions worldwide. Losses in 2010 included a first quarter loss of $110 million &#32;resulting from the January 8, 2010 devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar fuerte against the U.S. dollar and the establishment of a two-tier exchange rate structure, and a fourth quarter foreign currency exchange loss of $24 million &#32;in connection with the January 1, 2011 elimination of the two-tier exchange rate structure. Net gains on asset sales were $25 million &#32;in 2012 &#32;and included gains of $9 million &#32;in North American Tire, primarily from the sale of property, gains of $9 million &#32;in EMEA, primarily from the sale of a minority interest in a retail business, and gains of $4 million &#32;in Latin American Tire, primarily from the sale of certain assets related to our bias truck tire business. Net gains on asset sales were $16 million &#32;in 2011 and included gains of $9 million &#32;in Asia Pacific Tire, primarily on the sale of land in Malaysia, and gains of $4 million &#32;in Latin American Tire, primarily on the sale of the farm tire business. Net gains on asset sales were $73 million &#32;in 2010 and included gains of $58 million &#32;in Asia Pacific Tire, primarily on the sale of a closed manufacturing facility in Taiwan and land in Thailand, gains of $7 million &#32;in Latin American Tire, including the recognition of a deferred gain from the sale of a warehouse in 2008, and gains of $6 million &#32;in EMEA, due primarily to the sale of land. Interest income consisted primarily of amounts earned on cash deposits. General and product liability -- discontinued products includes charges for claims against us related primarily to asbestos personal injury claims, net of probable insurance recoveries. We recorded $18 million , $17 million &#32;and $17 million &#32;of expense related to asbestos claims in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. In addition, we recorded income of $10 million , $9 million &#32;and $5 million &#32;related to probable insurance recoveries in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. We also recorded $13 million &#32;of expense in 2011 related to an adjustment for prior periods. 73 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Miscellaneous expense in 2012 includes $ 25 million &#32;of charges for certain labor claims relating to a previously closed facility in EMEA. Mi scellaneous expense in 2011 included $9 million &#32;related to our insurance deductible with respect to losses as a result of flooding in Thailand. Miscellaneous expense in 2010 included $25 million &#32;related to a claim regarding the use of value-added tax credits in prior years. Note 5. Income Taxes The components of Income before Income Taxes follow: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 U.S. $ 146 $ (111 ) $ (529 ) Foreign 294 729 537 $ 440 $ 618 $ 8 A reconciliation of income taxes at the U.S. statutory rate to income taxes provided on Income follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 U.S. Federal income tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate of 35% $ 154 $ 216 $ 3 Adjustment for foreign income taxed at different rates (6 ) (28 ) 4 U.S. (income) loss with no tax due to valuation allowance (49 ) 41 178 Net foreign operating losses with no tax due to valuation allowances 83 5 18 Net (release) establishment of valuation allowances 4 (59 ) (1 ) Net (resolution) establishment of uncertain tax positions 10 24 (15 ) Deferred tax impact of enacted tax rate and law changes 2 -- (16 ) Other 5 2 1 United States and Foreign Taxes $ 203 $ 201 $ 172 The components of the provision (benefit) for taxes on Income, by taxing jurisdiction, follow: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Current: Federal $ -- $ -- $ (15 ) Foreign 184 253 180 State 3 3 1 187 256 166 Deferred: Federal 2 2 (7 ) Foreign 13 (56 ) 12 State 1 (1 ) 1 16 (55 ) 6 United States and Foreign Taxes $ 203 $ 201 $ 172 In 2012, income tax expense included a net tax charge of $19 million , which primarily consists of $10 million &#32;of increased tax reserves for prior years. The additional $ 9 million &#32;relates to various other discrete items. In 2011, income tax expense included net tax benefits of $36 million &#32;primarily related to a $64 million &#32;benefit from the release of a valuation allowance on our Canadian operations and a $24 million &#32;charge related to the settlement of prior tax years and to increase tax reserves as a result of negative tax court rulings in a foreign jurisdiction. In 2010, our income tax expense or benefit was allocated among operations and items charged or credited directly to shareholders'; equity. Pursuant to this allocation requirement, a $9 million &#32;non-cash tax benefit was allocated to the loss from our U.S. operations, 74 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) with offsetting tax expense allocated to items, primarily attributable to employee benefits, charged directly to shareholders'; equity. Income tax expense in 2010 also included net tax benefits of $33 million &#32;primarily related to a $16 million &#32;benefit for enacted tax law changes and $20 million &#32;of tax benefits related to the settlement of tax audits and the expiration of statutes of limitations in multiple tax jurisdictions. Temporary differences and carryforwards giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 follow: (In millions) 2012 2011 Postretirement benefits and pensions $ 1,331 $ 1,237 Tax loss carryforwards and credits 1,238 949 Capitalized expenditures 456 544 Accrued expenses deductible as paid 613 595 Alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards (1) 98 99 Vacation and sick pay 39 41 Rationalizations and other provisions 73 54 Other 41 46 3,889 3,565 Valuation allowance (3,393 ) (3,132 ) Total deferred tax assets 496 433 Property basis differences (384 ) (350 ) Total net deferred tax assets $ 112 $ 83 _______________________________________ (1) Primarily unlimited carryforward period. At December 31, 2012 , we had $461 million &#32;of tax assets for net operating loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards related to certain international subsidiaries that are primarily from countries with unlimited carryforward periods. A valuation allowance totaling $574 million &#32;has been recorded against these and other deferred tax assets where recovery of the asset or carryforward is uncertain. In addition, we had $654 million &#32;of Federal and $123 million &#32;of state tax assets for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Federal carryforwards consist of $50 million &#32;of Federal tax assets for net operating losses that expire in 2029 and 2030, $614 million &#32;of foreign tax credits that are subject to expiration from 2016 to 2022 and $31 million &#32;of tax assets related to research and development credits that are subject to expiration from 2027 to 2031. The amount of deferred tax assets reflected in the table above has been reduced by $41 million &#32;related to unrealized stock option deductions. The state carryforwards are subject to expiration from 2013 to 2032. A full valuation allowance has also been recorded against the Federal and state deferred tax assets as recovery is uncertain. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, signed into law on January 2, 2013, retroactively adopts certain taxpayer relief provisions that are not reflected in our 2012 financial statements as enactment took place in 2013. The changes include a refundable alternative minimum tax provision that entitles us to a $ 7 million &#32;refund of our alternative minimum tax carryforwards in 2014. We will record this tax benefit in the first quarter of 2013. The act also reinstates the research and development credit and certain other foreign dividend provisions that will change the components of our deferred taxes. However, these changes will not affect tax expense as we have a full valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2012 , we had unrecognized tax benefits of $82 million &#32;that if recognized, would have a favorable impact on our tax expense of $70 million . We had accrued interest of $20 million &#32;as of December 31, 2012 . If not favorably settled, $24 million &#32;of the unrecognized tax benefits and all of the accrued interest would require the use of our cash. During 2010, our European entities settled various tax years, resulting in a $48 million &#32;reduction of our unrecognized tax benefits. It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change during the next 12 &#32;months. However, we do not expect those changes will have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations. 75 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Balance at January 1 $ 90 $ 87 $ 112 Increases related to prior year tax positions 12 17 32 Decreases related to prior year tax positions (7 ) -- (3 ) Increases related to current year tax positions -- 3 -- Settlements (6 ) (9 ) (51 ) Lapse of statute of limitations (3 ) (1 ) (4 ) Foreign currency impact (4 ) (7 ) 1 Balance at December 31 $ 82 $ 90 $ 87 Generally, years from 2006 onward are still open to examination by foreign taxing authorities, including in Germany. In the United States, we are open to examination from 2011 onward. We have undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries of approximately $3.7 billion , a significant portion of which has already been subject to Federal income taxation. No provision for Federal income tax or foreign withholding tax on any of these undistributed earnings is required because either such earnings were already subject to tax or the amount has been or will be reinvested in property, plant and equipment and working capital. Quantification of the deferred tax liability, if any, associated with these undistributed earnings is not practicable. Net cash payments for income taxes were $204 million , $212 million &#32;and $167 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Note 6. Earnings (Loss) Per Share Basic earnings per share are computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share are calculated to reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts were exercised or converted into common stock. Basic and diluted earnings per common share are calculated as follows: (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Earnings (loss) per share -- basic: Goodyear net income (loss) $ 212 $ 343 $ (216 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends 29 22 -- Goodyear net income (loss) available to common shareholders $ 183 $ 321 $ (216 ) Weighted average shares outstanding 245 244 242 Earnings (loss) per common share -- basic $ 0.75 $ 1.32 $ (0.89 ) Earnings (loss) per share -- diluted: Goodyear net income (loss) $ 212 $ 343 $ (216 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends 29 -- -- Goodyear net income (loss) available to common shareholders $ 183 $ 343 $ (216 ) Weighted average shares outstanding 245 244 242 Dilutive effect of mandatory convertible preferred stock -- 25 -- Dilutive effect of stock options and other dilutive securities 2 2 -- Weighted average shares outstanding -- diluted 247 271 242 Earnings (loss) per common share -- diluted $ 0.74 $ 1.26 $ (0.89 ) Weighted average shares outstanding -- diluted for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;excludes the effect of approximately 34 million &#32;equivalent shares related to the mandatory convertible preferred stock as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. In addition, Goodyear net income used to compute earnings per share -- diluted for the year ended December 31, 2012 &#32;is reduced by $29 million &#32;of preferred stock dividends since the inclusion of the related shares of preferred stock would have been anti-dilutive. 76 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Additionally, weighted average shares outstanding -- diluted for 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;excludes approximately 11 million , 6 million &#32;and 10 million &#32;equivalent shares, respectively, related to options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of our common stock (i.e., ";underwater"; options). Weighted average shares outstanding -- diluted for 2010 &#32;excludes approximately 4 million &#32;equivalent shares related to options with exercise prices less than the average market price of our common stock (i.e., ";in-the-money"; options), as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive due to the Goodyear net loss in that year. Note 7. Business Segments Segment information reflects our strategic business units (";SBUs";), which are organized to meet customer requirements and global competition. We operate our business through four operating segments representing our regional tire businesses: North American Tire; Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire; Latin American Tire; and Asia Pacific Tire. Segment information is reported on the basis used for reporting to our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President. Each of the four regional business segments is involved in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of tires. Certain of the business segments also provide related products and services, which include retreads, automotive and commercial truck repair services and merchandise purchased for resale. Each segment also exports tires to other segments. North American Tire manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, buses, earthmoving and mining equipment, commercial and military aviation, and industrial equipment in the United States and Canada. North American Tire also provides related products and services including retread tires, tread rubber, automotive and commercial truck maintenance and repair services, as well as sells chemical and natural rubber products to our other business segments and to unaffiliated customers. Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, farm implements, and construction equipment throughout Europe, the Middle East and Africa. EMEA also sells new and retreaded aviation tires, retreading and related services for commercial truck and OTR tires, and automotive maintenance and repair services. Latin American Tire manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, and aviation and construction equipment throughout Central and South America and in Mexico. Latin American Tire also provides related products and services including retreaded tires and tread rubber for truck tires. Asia Pacific Tire manufactures and sells tires for automobiles, trucks, farm, construction and mining equipment, and the aviation industry throughout the Asia Pacific region. Asia Pacific Tire also provides related products and services including retreaded truck and aviation tires, tread rubber, and automotive maintenance and repair services. 77 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table presents segment sales and operating income, and the reconciliation of segment operating income to Income before Income Taxes: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Sales North American Tire $ 9,666 $ 9,859 $ 8,205 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 6,884 8,040 6,407 Latin American Tire 2,085 2,472 2,158 Asia Pacific Tire 2,357 2,396 2,062 Net Sales $ 20,992 $ 22,767 $ 18,832 Segment Operating Income North American Tire $ 514 $ 276 $ 18 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 252 627 319 Latin American Tire 223 231 330 Asia Pacific Tire 259 234 250 Total Segment Operating Income 1,248 1,368 917 Less: Rationalizations 175 103 240 Interest expense 357 330 316 Other expense 139 73 186 Asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation 20 50 15 Corporate incentive compensation plans 69 70 71 Corporate pension curtailments/settlements 1 15 -- Intercompany profit elimination (1 ) 5 14 Retained expenses of divested operations 14 29 20 Other 34 75 47 Income before Income Taxes $ 440 $ 618 $ 8 In the fourth quarter of 2012, we negotiated a waiver of certain performance obligations under an offtake agreement for tires and recognized a $24 million &#32;reduction in CGS. The benefit was recognized in Corporate, which is excluded from segment operating income, and included in Other above. The following table presents segment assets at December 31: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Assets North American Tire $ 5,170 $ 5,744 $ 5,243 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 5,415 5,915 5,266 Latin American Tire 2,367 2,141 1,809 Asia Pacific Tire 2,601 2,482 2,150 Total Segment Assets 15,553 16,282 14,468 Corporate 1,420 1,347 1,162 $ 16,973 $ 17,629 $ 15,630 Results of operations are measured based on net sales to unaffiliated customers and segment operating income. Each segment exports tires to other segments. The financial results of each segment exclude sales of tires exported to other segments, but include operating income derived from such transactions. Segment operating income is computed as follows: Net sales less CGS (excluding asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges) and SAG (including certain allocated corporate administrative expenses). Segment operating income also includes certain royalties and equity in earnings of most affiliates. Segment operating income does not include net rationalization charges, asset sales and certain other items. 78 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table presents geographic information. Net sales by country were determined based on the location of the selling subsidiary. Long-lived assets consisted of property, plant and equipment. Besides Germany, management did not consider the net sales of any other individual countries outside the United States to be significant to the consolidated financial statements. For long-lived assets only China and Germany were considered to be significant. (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net Sales United States $ 8,416 $ 8,397 $ 7,104 Germany 2,541 2,962 2,229 Other international 10,035 11,408 9,499 $ 20,992 $ 22,767 $ 18,832 Long-Lived Assets United States $ 2,424 $ 2,367 $ 2,411 China 796 711 508 Germany 788 691 676 Other international 2,948 2,606 2,570 $ 6,956 $ 6,375 $ 6,165 At December 31, 2012 , significant concentrations of cash and cash equivalents held by our international subsidiaries included the following amounts: &#8226; $418 million &#32;or 18% &#32;in Europe, Middle East and Africa, primarily Belgium and Poland ( $793 million &#32;or 29% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ), &#8226; $370 million &#32;or 16% &#32;in Asia, primarily China, Australia and Singapore ( $430 million &#32;or 16% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ), and &#8226; $622 million &#32;or 27% &#32;in Latin America, primarily Venezuela and Brazil ( $527 million &#32;or 19% &#32;at December 31, 2011 ). Rationalizations, as described in Note 2 , Costs Associated with Rationalization Programs, net (gains) losses on asset sales, as described in Note 4 , Other Expense, and Asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation were not charged (credited) to the SBUs for performance evaluation purposes but were attributable to the SBUs as follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Rationalizations North American Tire $ 43 $ 72 $ 184 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 100 15 41 Latin American Tire 6 -- 5 Asia Pacific Tire 26 16 11 Total Segment Rationalizations 175 103 241 Corporate -- -- (1 ) $ 175 $ 103 $ 240 (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Net (Gains) Losses on Asset Sales North American Tire $ (9 ) $ 2 $ (2 ) Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire (9 ) (1 ) (6 ) Latin American Tire (4 ) (4 ) (7 ) Asia Pacific Tire (1 ) (9 ) (58 ) Total Segment Asset Sales (23 ) (12 ) (73 ) Corporate (2 ) (4 ) -- $ (25 ) $ (16 ) $ (73 ) 79 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Asset Write-offs and Accelerated Depreciation North American Tire $ 1 $ 43 $ 2 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire -- -- 1 Asia Pacific Tire 19 7 12 Total Segment Asset Write-offs and Accelerated Depreciation $ 20 $ 50 $ 15 The following tables present segment capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Capital Expenditures North American Tire $ 212 $ 236 $ 319 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 344 240 183 Latin American Tire 250 237 135 Asia Pacific Tire 286 314 281 Total Segment Capital Expenditures 1,092 1,027 918 Corporate 35 16 26 $ 1,127 $ 1,043 $ 944 (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Depreciation and Amortization North American Tire $ 275 $ 286 $ 295 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 215 222 209 Latin American Tire 72 73 57 Asia Pacific Tire 89 73 63 Total Segment Depreciation and Amortization 651 654 624 Corporate 36 61 28 $ 687 $ 715 $ 652 The following table presents segment equity in the net income of investees accounted for by the equity method: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Equity in (Income) North American Tire $ (6 ) $ (5 ) $ (4 ) Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire -- (1 ) -- Asia Pacific Tire (28 ) (13 ) (7 ) Total Segment Equity in (Income) $ (34 ) $ (19 ) $ (11 ) 80 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 8. Accounts Receivable (In millions) 2012 2011 Accounts receivable $ 2,662 $ 2,946 Allowance for doubtful accounts (99 ) (97 ) $ 2,563 $ 2,849 Note 9. Inventories (In millions) 2012 2011 Raw materials $ 743 $ 937 Work in process 169 186 Finished goods 2,338 2,733 $ 3,250 $ 3,856 Note 10. Goodwill and Intangible Assets The following table presents the net carrying amount of goodwill allocated by reporting unit, and changes during 2012 : (In millions) Balance at December 31, 2011 Divestitures Translation Balance at December 31, 2012 North American Tire $ 93 $ -- $ -- $ 93 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 484 (2 ) 15 497 Asia Pacific Tire 77 -- (3 ) 74 $ 654 $ (2 ) $ 12 $ 664 The following table presents the net carrying amount of goodwill allocated by reporting unit, and changes during 2011 : (In millions) Balance at December 31, 2010 Divestitures Translation Balance at December 31, 2011 North American Tire $ 94 $ (1 ) $ -- $ 93 Europe, Middle East and Africa Tire 509 (1 ) (24 ) 484 Asia Pacific Tire 80 -- (3 ) 77 $ 683 $ (2 ) $ (27 ) $ 654 The following table presents information about intangible assets: 2012 2011 (In millions) Gross Carrying Amount(1) Accumulated Amortization(1) Net Carrying Amount Gross Carrying Amount(1) Accumulated Amortization(1) Net Carrying Amount Intangible assets with indefinite lives $ 128 $ (6 ) $ 122 $ 128 $ (6 ) $ 122 Trademarks and patents 20 (12 ) 8 22 (12 ) 10 Other intangible assets 21 (11 ) 10 33 (8 ) 25 $ 169 $ (29 ) $ 140 $ 183 $ (26 ) $ 157 _______________________________________ (1) Includes impact of foreign currency translation. Intangible assets primarily comprise the right to use certain brand names and trademarks on a non-competitive basis related to our global alliance with Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. 81 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Amortization expense for intangible assets totaled $3 million , $4 million &#32;and $4 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. We estimate that annual amortization expense related to intangible assets will be approximately $4 million &#32;in 2013, $3 million &#32;each in 2014 and 2015, and $1 million &#32;each in 2016 and 2017; and the weighted average remaining amortization period is approximately 17 years . The decrease in Other intangible assets during 2012 was due primarily to the reclassification of certain assets held for sale in our Asia Pacific Tire segment to Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets in conjunction with the planned transfer of our manufacturing facility in Dalian, China to the Dalian government. Our annual impairment analysis for 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;indicated no impairment of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite lives. In addition, there were no events or circumstances that indicated the impairment test should be re-performed for goodwill or for intangible assets with indefinite lives for any segment at December 31, 2012 . Note 11. Other Assets and Investments We owned 3,421,306 shares of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (";SRI";) at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;(the ";Sumitomo Investment";). The fair value of the Sumitomo Investment was $41 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , and was included in Other Assets. We have classified the Sumitomo Investment as available-for-sale. At December 31, 2012 , AOCL included gross unrealized holding gains on the Sumitomo Investment of $25 million &#32;( $26 million &#32;after-tax), compared to $24 million &#32;( $26 million &#32;after-tax) at December 31, 2011 . Dividends received from our consolidated subsidiaries were $129 million , $168 million &#32;and $126 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Dividends received from our affiliates accounted for using the equity method were $11 million , $8 million &#32;and $4 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. At December 31, 2012 , Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets includes assets reclassified as held for sale totaling $43 million , related to our closed tire manufacturing facility in Dalian, China in anticipation of the transfer of the property to the Dalian government, consisting of property, plant and equipment of $29 million &#32;and intangible assets of $14 million . During 2010 , we received redemptions of $26 million &#32;from our investment in The Reserve Primary Fund, which were included in other transactions in Cash Flows from Investing Activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Note 12. Property, Plant and Equipment 2012 2011 (In millions) Owned Capital Leases Total Owned Capital Leases Total Property, plant and equipment, at cost: Land $ 415 $ 1 $ 416 $ 411 $ 1 $ 412 Buildings 2,061 17 2,078 1,974 17 1,991 Machinery and equipment 12,036 46 12,082 11,460 19 11,479 Construction in progress 1,173 15 1,188 948 -- 948 15,685 79 15,764 14,793 37 14,830 Accumulated depreciation (8,975 ) (16 ) (8,991 ) (8,619 ) (10 ) (8,629 ) 6,710 63 6,773 6,174 27 6,201 Spare parts 183 -- 183 174 -- 174 $ 6,893 $ 63 $ 6,956 $ 6,348 $ 27 $ 6,375 The range of useful lives of property used in arriving at the annual amount of depreciation provided are as follows: buildings and improvements, 5 &#32;to 45 years; machinery and equipment, 3 &#32;to 30 years. 82 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 13. Leased Assets Net rental expense comprised the following: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Gross rental expense $ 417 $ 415 $ 400 Sublease rental income (53 ) (61 ) (66 ) $ 364 $ 354 $ 334 We enter into leases primarily for our wholesale and retail distribution facilities, vehicles, and data processing equipment under varying terms and conditions. Many of the leases require us to pay taxes assessed against leased property and the cost of insurance and maintenance. A portion of our retail distribution network is sublet to independent dealers. While substantially all subleases and some operating leases are cancelable for periods beyond 2013 , management expects that in the normal course of its business nearly all of its independent dealer distribution network will be actively operated. As leases and subleases for existing locations expire, we would normally expect to evaluate such leases and either renew the leases or substitute another more favorable retail location. The following table presents minimum future lease payments: 2018 and (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Beyond Total Capital Leases Minimum lease payments $ 15 $ 15 $ 11 $ 8 $ 6 $ 27 $ 82 Imputed interest (1 ) (3 ) (2 ) (2 ) (1 ) (15 ) (24 ) Present value $ 14 $ 12 $ 9 $ 6 $ 5 $ 12 $ 58 Operating Leases Minimum lease payments $ 322 $ 249 $ 197 $ 155 $ 117 $ 382 $ 1,422 Minimum sublease rentals (42 ) (33 ) (25 ) (17 ) (9 ) (5 ) (131 ) $ 280 $ 216 $ 172 $ 138 $ 108 $ 377 $ 1,291 Imputed interest (291 ) Present value $ 1,000 Note 14. Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments At December 31, 2012 , we had total credit arrangements of $8,387 million , of which $2,949 million &#32;were unused. At that date, 38% &#32;of our debt was at variable interest rates averaging 5.50% . Notes Payable and Overdrafts, Long Term Debt and Capital Leases due Within One Year and Short Term Financing Arrangements At December 31, 2012 , we had short term committed and uncommitted credit arrangements totaling $550 million , of which $448 million &#32;were unused. These arrangements are available primarily to certain of our international subsidiaries through various banks at quoted market interest rates. The following table presents amounts due within one year: December 31, December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Notes payable and overdrafts: $ 102 $ 256 Weighted average interest rate 4.29 % 5.56 % Long term debt and capital leases due within one year: Other domestic and international debt (including capital leases) $ 96 $ 156 Weighted average interest rate 6.88 % 10.78 % Total obligations due within one year $ 198 $ 412 83 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Long Term Debt and Capital Leases and Financing Arrangements At December 31, 2012 , we had long term credit arrangements totaling $7,837 million , of which $2,501 million &#32;were unused. The following table presents long term debt and capital leases, net of unamortized discounts, and interest rates: December 31, 2012 December 31, 2011 Interest Interest (In millions) Amount Rate Amount Rate Notes: 10.5% due 2016 $ -- $ 631 6.75% Euro Notes due 2019 330 324 8.25% due 2020 994 994 8.75% due 2020 266 264 7% due 2022 700 -- 7% due 2028 149 149 Credit Facilities: $2.0 billion first lien revolving credit facility due 2017 -- -- -- -- $1.2 billion second lien term loan facility due 2019 1,194 4.75 % 1,200 1.93 % &#8364;400 million revolving credit facility due 2016 -- -- -- -- Pan-European accounts receivable facility due 2015 192 3.00 % 393 3.51 % Chinese credit facilities 471 6.38 % 389 5.80 % Other domestic and international debt (1) 630 8.40 % 570 10.00 % 4,926 4,914 Capital lease obligations 58 31 4,984 4,945 Less portion due within one year (96 ) (156 ) $ 4,888 $ 4,789 ________________________________ (1) Interest rates are weighted average interest rates related to various international credit facilities with customary terms and conditions and the Global and North American Tire Headquarters financing liability described below. NOTES Redemption of 10.5% Senior Notes due 2016 On March 29, 2012 , we redeemed $650 million &#32;in aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 10.5% &#32;senior notes due 2016 at an aggregate redemption price of $709 million , including a $59 million &#32;prepayment premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. We also recorded $27 million &#32;of expense for the write-off of unamortized discounts and deferred financing fees as a result of the redemption. &#8364;250 million &#32; 6.75% &#32;Senior Notes due 2019 of Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V. (";GDTE";) At December 31, 2012, &#8364;250 million &#32;aggregate principal amount of GDTE's 6.75% &#32;senior notes due 2019 were outstanding. These notes were sold at 100% &#32;of the principal amount and will mature on April 15, 2019 . These notes are unsecured senior obligations of GDTE and are guaranteed, on an unsecured senior basis, by the Company and our U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries that also guarantee our obligations under our U.S. senior secured credit facilities described below. We have the option to redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after April 15, 2015 at a redemption price of 103.375% , 101.688% &#32;and 100% &#32;during the 12-month periods commencing on April 15, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and thereafter, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. Prior to April 15, 2015, we may redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% &#32;of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In addition, prior to April 15, 2014, we may redeem up to 35% &#32;of the original aggregate principal amount of these notes from the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 106.75% &#32;of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 84 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The terms of the indenture for these notes, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, including GDTE, (i) to incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock, (ii) pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (iii) incur liens, (iv) sell assets, (v) incur restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, (vi) enter into affiliate transactions, (vii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (viii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. For example, if these notes are assigned an investment grade rating by Moody';s and Standard & Poor's and no default has occurred or is continuing, certain covenants will be suspended. &#32;&#32;&#32;The indenture has customary defaults, including a cross-default to material indebtedness of Goodyear and our subsidiaries. $1.0 billion 8.25% Senior Notes due 2020 At December 31, 2012 , $1.0 billion &#32;aggregate principal amount of 8.25% &#32;senior notes due 2020 were outstanding. These notes had an effective yield of 8.349% &#32;at issuance. These notes are unsecured senior obligations, are guaranteed by our U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries that also guarantee our obligations under our U.S. senior secured credit facilities described below, and will mature on August 15, 2020 . We have the option to redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after August 15, 2015 at a redemption price of 104.125% , 102.750% , 101.375% &#32;and 100% &#32;during the 12-month periods commencing on August 15, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 and thereafter, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. Prior to August 15, 2015, we may redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% &#32;of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In addition, prior to August 15, 2013, we may redeem up to 35% &#32;of these notes from the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 108.25% &#32;of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The terms of the indenture for these notes, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to (i) incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock, (ii) pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (iii) incur liens, (iv) sell assets, (v) incur restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, (vi) enter into affiliate transactions, (vii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (viii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. For example, if these notes are assigned an investment grade rating by Moody's and Standard & Poor's and no default has occurred or is continuing, certain covenants will be suspended. The indenture has customary defaults, including a cross-default to material indebtedness of Goodyear and our subsidiaries. $282 million &#32; 8.75% &#32;Senior Notes due 2020 At December 31, 2012, $282 million &#32;aggregate principal amount of 8.75% &#32;notes due 2020 were outstanding. These notes, with an effective yield of 9.20% , are unsecured senior obligations, are guaranteed by our U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries that also guarantee our obligations under our U.S. senior secured credit facilities described below, and will mature on August 15, 2020 . We have the option to redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% &#32;of the principal amount of these notes or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments on these notes, discounted using a defined treasury rate plus 50 basis points, plus in either case accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The terms of the indenture for these notes, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to (i) incur secured debt, (ii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. &#32; $700 million &#32; 7% &#32;Senior Notes due 2022 On February 28, 2012 , we issued $700 million &#32;aggregate principal amount of 7% &#32;senior notes due 2022 . These notes were sold at 100% &#32;of the principal amount and will mature on May 15, 2022 . These notes are unsecured senior obligations and are guaranteed by our U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries that also guarantee our obligations under our U.S. senior secured credit facilities described below. We have the option to redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after May 15, 2017 &#32;at a redemption price of 103.5% , 102.333% , 101.167% &#32;and 100% &#32;during the 12-month periods commencing on May 15, 2017 , 2018 , 2019 &#32;and 2020 &#32;and thereafter, respectively, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. Prior to May 15, 2017, we may redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% &#32;of the principal amount plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In addition, prior to May 15, 2015, we may redeem up to 35% &#32;of the original aggregate principal amount of these notes from the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 107% &#32;of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 85 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The indenture for these notes includes covenants that are substantially similar to those contained in the indenture governing our 8.25% senior notes due 2020, described above. $150 million &#32; 7% &#32;&#32;Senior Notes due 2028 At December 31, 2012, $150 million &#32;aggregate principal amount of our 7% &#32;notes due 2028 were outstanding. These notes are unsecured senior obligations and will mature on March 15, 2028 . We have the option to redeem these notes, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to the greater of 100% &#32;of the principal amount thereof or the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments thereon, discounted using a defined treasury rate plus 15 basis points, plus in either case accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. The terms of the indenture for these notes, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to (i) incur secured debt, (ii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. &#32; CREDIT FACILITIES $2.0 billion &#32;Amended and Restated First Lien Revolving Credit Facility due 2017 On April 19, 2012, we amended and restated our U.S. first lien revolving credit facility. Significant changes to the first lien revolving credit facility include the extension of the maturity to 2017 &#32;and an increase of the available commitments from $1.5 billion &#32;to $2.0 billion . Loans under this facility initially bear interest at LIBOR plus 150 basis points , based on our current liquidity as described below. Our amended and restated first lien revolving credit facility is available in the form of loans or letters of credit, with letter of credit availability limited to $800 million . Subject to the consent of the lenders whose commitments are to be increased, we may request that the facility be increased by up to $250 million . Our obligations under the facility are guaranteed by most of our wholly-owned U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries. Our obligations under the facility and our subsidiaries' obligations under the related guarantees are secured by first priority security interests in collateral that includes, subject to certain exceptions: &#8226; U.S. and Canadian accounts receivable and inventory; &#8226; certain of our U.S. manufacturing facilities; &#8226; equity interests in our U.S. subsidiaries and up to 65% &#32;of the equity interests in our directly owned foreign subsidiaries, excluding GDTE and its subsidiaries; and &#8226; substantially all other tangible and intangible assets, including equipment, contract rights and intellectual property. Availability under the facility is subject to a borrowing base, which is based on eligible accounts receivable and inventory of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and certain of its U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries, after adjusting for customary factors that are subject to modification from time to time by the administrative agent or the majority lenders at their discretion (not to be exercised unreasonably). Modifications are based on the results of periodic collateral and borrowing base evaluations and appraisals. To the extent that our eligible accounts receivable and inventory decline, our borrowing base will decrease and the availability under the facility may decrease below $2.0 billion. In addition, if the amount of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit under the facility exceeds the borrowing base, we are required to prepay borrowings and/or cash collateralize letters of credit sufficient to eliminate the excess. &#32;&#32;As of December 31, 2012 , our borrowing base, and therefore our availability, under this facility was $361 million &#32;below the facility's stated amount of $2.0 billion . The facility, which matures on April 30, 2017 , contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries (i) to incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock, (ii) pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments, (iii) incur liens, (iv) sell assets, (v) incur restrictions on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, (vi) enter into affiliate transactions, (vii) engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and (viii) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. In addition, in the event that the availability under the facility plus the aggregate amount of our Available Cash is less than $200 million , we will not be permitted to allow our ratio of EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense to be less than 2.0 &#32;to 1.0 for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. ";Available Cash,"; ";EBITDA"; and ";Consolidated Interest Expense"; have the meanings given them in the facility. The facility has customary representations and warranties including, as a condition to borrowing, that all such representations and warranties are true and correct, in all material respects, on the date of the borrowing, including representations as to no material adverse change in our financial condition since December 31, 2011 . The facility also has customary defaults, including a cross-default to material indebtedness of Goodyear and our subsidiaries. 86 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) If Available Cash (as defined in the facility) plus the availability under the facility is greater than $1.0 billion , amounts drawn under the facility will bear interest, at our option, at (i) 150 basis points over LIBOR or (ii) 50 basis points over an alternative base rate (the higher of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points or LIBOR plus 100 basis points), and undrawn amounts under the facility will be subject to an annual commitment fee of 37.5 basis points. If Available Cash plus the availability under the facility is equal to or less than $1.0 billion , then amounts drawn under the facility will bear interest, at our option, at (i) 175 basis points over LIBOR or (ii) 75 basis points over an alternative base rate, and undrawn amounts under the facility will be subject to an annual commitment fee of 25 basis points. At December 31, 2012 , we had no &#32;borrowings and $400 million &#32;of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2011 , we had no &#32;borrowings and $407 million &#32;of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. $1.2 billion &#32;Amended and Restated Second Lien Term Loan Facility due 2019 On April 19, 2012, we also amended and restated our U.S. second lien term loan facility, including the extension of the maturity to 2019. The term loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 375 basis points, subject to a minimum LIBOR rate of 100 basis points. &#32;&#32;In addition, the amended and restated second lien term loan was issued with an original issue discount of 200 basis points and is subject to a call protection premium of 100 basis points if any specified repricing event occurs prior to April 19, 2013. Our amended and restated second lien term loan facility may be increased by up to $300 million &#32;at our request, subject to the consent of the lenders making such additional term loans. Our obligations under this facility are guaranteed by most of our wholly-owned U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries and are secured by second priority security interests in the same collateral securing the $2.0 billion first lien revolving credit facility. &#32;The facility, which matures on April 30, 2019 , contains covenants, representations, warranties and defaults similar to those in the $2.0 billion &#32;first lien revolving credit facility. In addition, if our Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (the ratio of Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness to EBITDA) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is greater than 3.0 &#32;to 1.0, before we may use cash proceeds from certain asset sales to repay any junior lien, senior unsecured or subordinated indebtedness, we must first offer to use such cash proceeds to prepay borrowings under the second lien term loan facility. ";Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio,"; ";Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness"; and ";EBITDA"; have the meanings given them in the facility. Loans under this facility bear interest, at our option, at (i) 375 basis points over LIBOR (subject to a minimum LIBOR rate of 100 basis points) or (ii) 275 basis points over an alternative base rate (the higher of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 50 basis points or LIBOR plus 100 basis points). At December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , this facility was fully drawn. &#8364;400 million &#32;Amended and Restated Senior Secured European Revolving Credit Facility due 2016 Our amended and restated &#8364;400 million &#32;European revolving credit facility consists of (i) a &#8364;100 million &#32;German tranche that is available only to Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH (the ";German borrower";) and (ii) a &#8364;300 million &#32;all-borrower tranche that is available to GDTE, the German borrower and certain of GDTE';s other subsidiaries. Up to &#8364;50 million &#32;in letters of credit are available for issuance under the all-borrower tranche. Amounts drawn under the facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus 250 basis points for loans denominated in U.S. dollars or pounds sterling and EURIBOR plus 250 basis points for loans denominated in euros, and undrawn amounts under the facility will be subject to an annual commitment fee of 50 basis points. &#32;&#32; GDTE and certain of its subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, France and Germany provide guarantees to support the facility. GDTE';s obligations under the facility and the obligations of its subsidiaries under the related guarantees are secured by security interests in collateral that includes, subject to certain exceptions: &#8226; the capital stock of the principal subsidiaries of GDTE; and &#8226; a substantial portion of the tangible and intangible assets of GDTE and GDTE';s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, France and Germany, including certain accounts receivable, inventory, real property, equipment, contract rights and cash accounts, but excluding certain accounts receivable and cash accounts in subsidiaries that are or may become parties to securitization programs. The German guarantors secure the German tranche on a first-lien basis and the all-borrower tranche on a second-lien basis. GDTE and its other subsidiaries that provide guarantees secure the all-borrower tranche on a first-lien basis and do not provide collateral support for the German tranche. The Company and its U.S. subsidiaries and primary Canadian subsidiary that guarantee our U.S. senior secured credit facilities described above also provide unsecured guarantees in support of the facility. The facility, which matures on April 20, 2016, contains covenants similar to those in our first lien revolving credit facility, with additional limitations applicable to GDTE and its subsidiaries. In addition, under the facility, GDTE';s ratio of Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness to Consolidated European J.V. EBITDA for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is not permitted to be greater than 3.0 to 1.0 at the end of any fiscal quarter. Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness is determined net of the sum of (1) cash and cash equivalents in excess of $100 million held by GDTE and its subsidiaries, (2) cash and cash equivalents in excess of $150 million held by the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries and (3) availability under our first lien revolving credit facility if available 87 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) borrowings under our first lien revolving credit facility plus Available Cash (as defined thereunder) is equal to or greater than $150 million and the conditions to borrowing thereunder are met. Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness also excludes loans from other consolidated Goodyear entities. ";Consolidated Net J.V. Indebtedness"; and ";Consolidated European J.V. EBITDA"; have the meanings given them in the facility. &#32; The facility has customary representations and warranties including, as a condition to borrowing, that all such representations and warranties are true and correct, in all material respects, on the date of the borrowing, including representations as to no material adverse change in our financial condition since December 31, 2010. The facility also has customary defaults, including a cross-default to material indebtedness of Goodyear and our subsidiaries. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;there were no &#32;borrowings outstanding under the German and the all-borrower tranches. Letters of credit issued under the all-borrower tranche totaled $10 million &#32;( &#8364;7 million ) at December 31, 2012 &#32;and $8 million &#32;( &#8364;6 million ) at December 31, 2011 . International Accounts Receivable Securitization Facilities (On-Balance Sheet) GDTE and certain of its subsidiaries are parties to a pan-European accounts receivable securitization facility that provides up to &#8364;450 million &#32;of funding and expires in 2015. Utilization under this facility is based on current available receivable balances. &#32;The facility is subject to the customary renewal of its back-up liquidity commitments. On October 18, 2012, the back-up liquidity commitments were renewed for a two-year period. The facility involves an ongoing daily sale of substantially all of the trade accounts receivable of certain GDTE subsidiaries to a bankruptcy-remote French company controlled by one of the liquidity banks in the facility. These subsidiaries retain servicing responsibilities. It is an event of default under the facility if the ratio of GDTE's consolidated net indebtedness to its consolidated EBITDA is greater than 3.0 to 1.0. This financial covenant is substantially similar to the covenant included in the European revolving credit facility. &#32; At December 31, 2012 , the amounts available and utilized under this program totaled $348 million &#32;( &#8364;264 million ) and $192 million &#32;( &#8364;145 million ), respectively. At December 31, 2011, the amount available and fully utilized under this program totaled $393 million &#32;( &#8364;303 million ). The program did not qualify for sale accounting, and accordingly, these amounts are included in Long Term Debt and Capital Leases. In addition to the pan-European accounts receivable securitization facility discussed above, subsidiaries in Australia have an accounts receivable securitization program. At December 31, 2012 , the amounts available and utilized under this program were $99 million &#32;and $40 million , respectively. At December 31, 2011 , the amount available and fully utilized under this program totaled $75 million . The receivables sold under this program also serve as collateral for the related facility. &#32;We retain the risk of loss related to these receivables in the event of non-payment. These amounts are included in Long Term Debt and Capital Leases due Within One Year at December 31, 2012 &#32;and Notes Payable and Overdrafts at December 31, 2011 . Accounts Receivable Factoring Facilities (Off-Balance Sheet) Various subsidiaries sold certain of their trade receivables under off-balance sheet programs during 2012 &#32;and 2011 . For these programs, we have concluded that there is generally no risk of loss to us from non-payment of the sold receivables. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , the gross amount of receivables sold was $243 million &#32;and $190 million , respectively. Other Foreign Credit Facilities Our Chinese subsidiary has several financing arrangements in China. At December 31, 2012 , these non-revolving credit facilities had total unused availability of 360 million &#32;renminbi ( $57 million ) and can only be used to finance the relocation and expansion of our manufacturing facility in China. There were $471 million &#32;and $389 million &#32;of borrowings outstanding under these facilities at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. The facilities ultimately mature in 2020 and principal amortization begins in 2015. The facilities contain covenants relating to our Chinese subsidiary and have customary representations and warranties and defaults relating to our Chinese subsidiary';s ability to perform its obligations under the facilities. At December 31, 2012 , there was no &#32;restricted cash related to funds obtained under these credit facilities. At December 31, 2011 , restricted cash of $9 million &#32;was related to funds obtained under these credit facilities. OTHER DOMESTIC DEBT Global and North American Tire Headquarters On April 13, 2011 , we entered into agreements for the construction of a new Global and North American Tire Headquarters facility in Akron, Ohio. We concurrently entered into an agreement to occupy the facility under a 27-year lease, including the two-year construction period, with multiple renewal options available at our discretion. In addition, on October 31, 2011, we entered into similar agreements for the construction and lease of a new parking deck adjacent to the Headquarters facility. &#32; Due to our continuing 88 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) involvement with the financing during construction of the Headquarters facility and the parking deck, we will record a non-cash increase to fixed assets and financing liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as costs are incurred during the construction period. The total cost of the project is expected to be $200 million , of which approximately $60 million &#32;will be funded by government financing and incentives. The total financing liability is expected to approximate $140 million , of which $135 million &#32;has been recorded in Long Term Debt and Capital Leases at December 31, 2012 . Completion of construction and the first payments under the leases are expected to occur in the second quarter of 2013. Debt Maturities The annual aggregate maturities of our debt and capital leases for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2012 &#32;are presented below. Maturities of debt credit agreements have been reported on the basis that the commitments to lend under these agreements will be terminated effective at the end of their current terms. (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 U.S. $ 9 $ 7 $ 4 $ 3 $ 2 International 189 60 289 320 265 $ 198 $ 67 $ 293 $ 323 $ 267 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS We utilize derivative financial instrument contracts and nonderivative instruments to manage interest rate, foreign exchange and commodity price risks. We have established a control environment that includes policies and procedures for risk assessment and the approval, reporting and monitoring of derivative financial instrument activities. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Foreign Currency Contracts We will enter into foreign currency contracts in order to manage the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on our consolidated results of operations and future foreign currency-denominated cash flows. These contracts reduce exposure to currency movements affecting existing foreign currency-denominated assets, liabilities, firm commitments and forecasted transactions resulting primarily from trade purchases and sales, equipment acquisitions, intercompany loans and royalty agreements. Contracts hedging short term trade receivables and payables normally have no hedging designation. The following table presents fair values for foreign currency contracts not designated as hedging instruments: December 31, December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Fair Values -- asset (liability): Accounts receivable $ 2 $ 26 Other current liabilities (24 ) (5 ) Other long term liabilities -- (1 ) At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , these outstanding foreign currency derivatives had notional amounts of $1,289 million &#32;and $1,056 million , respectively, and were primarily related to intercompany loans. Other Expense included a net transaction loss of $32 million &#32;and a net transaction gain of $30 million &#32;in 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, on foreign currency derivatives. These amounts were substantially offset in Other Expense by the effect of changing exchange rates on the underlying currency exposures. 89 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table presents fair values for foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments: December 31, December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Fair Values -- asset (liability): Accounts receivable $ -- $ 11 Other current liabilities (5 ) -- At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , these outstanding foreign currency derivatives had notional amounts of $138 million &#32;and $171 million , respectively, and primarily related to intercompany transactions. The following table presents the classification of changes in fair values of foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedging instruments (before tax and minority): Twelve Months Ended December 31, (In millions) (Income) Expense 2012 2011 Amounts deferred to AOCL $ 5 $ (5 ) Amount of deferred (gain) loss reclassified from AOCL into CGS (14 ) 10 Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing (1 ) 2 The estimated net amount of the deferred losses at December 31, 2012 &#32;that is expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months is $5 million . The counterparties to our foreign currency contracts were considered by us to be substantial and creditworthy financial institutions that are recognized market makers at the time we entered into those contracts. We seek to control our credit exposure to these counterparties by diversifying across multiple counterparties, by setting counterparty credit limits based on long term credit ratings and other indicators of counterparty credit risk such as credit default swap spreads, and by monitoring the financial strength of these counterparties on a regular basis. We also enter into master netting agreements with counterparties when possible. By controlling and monitoring exposure to counterparties in this manner, we believe that we effectively manage the risk of loss due to nonperformance by a counterparty. However, the inability of a counterparty to fulfill its contractual obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations in the period in which it occurs. 90 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 15. Fair Value Measurements The following table presents information about assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 : Total Carrying Value in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets/Liabilities (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (In millions) 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 Assets: Investments $ 45 $ 44 $ 45 $ 44 $ -- $ -- $ -- $ -- Foreign Exchange Contracts 2 37 -- -- 2 37 -- -- Total Assets at Fair Value $ 47 $ 81 $ 45 $ 44 $ 2 $ 37 $ -- $ -- Liabilities: Foreign Exchange Contracts $ 29 $ 6 $ -- $ -- $ 29 $ 5 $ -- $ 1 Other 3 -- -- -- 3 -- -- -- Total Liabilities at Fair Value $ 32 $ 6 $ -- $ -- $ 32 $ 5 $ -- $ 1 The following table presents supplemental fair value information about long term fixed rate and variable rate debt, excluding capital leases, at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 . The fair value was estimated using quoted market prices or discounted future cash flows which are considered Level 2 fair value measurements. December 31, December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 Fixed Rate Debt: Carrying amount -- liability $ 3,128 $ 2,843 Fair value -- liability 3,378 2,891 Variable Rate Debt: Carrying amount -- liability $ 1,798 $ 2,071 Fair value -- liability 1,808 2,029 Note 16. Pension, Other Postretirement Benefits and Savings Plans We provide employees with defined benefit pension or defined contribution savings plans. Our principal U.S. hourly pension plans are closed to new entrants and provide benefits based on length of service. The principal U.S. salaried pension plans are frozen and provide benefits based on final five-year average earnings formulas. Salaried employees who made voluntary contributions to these plans receive higher benefits. During 2012, we recognized a settlement charge of $9 million &#32;related to the purchase of annuities from existing plan assets to settle obligations of one of our U.K. pension plans. During 2011 , we recognized settlement charges of $15 million &#32;related to one of our U.S. pension plans. These settlement charges resulted from total lump sum payments exceeding annual service and interest cost for the plan. During 2010, we recognized curtailment and termination benefit charges for pensions of $76 million &#32;in connection with the closure of Union City. Also in 2010, we recognized a settlement charge of $15 million &#32;related to the purchase of annuities from existing plan assets to settle obligations of certain Canadian pension plans. In addition, we provide certain U.S. employees and employees at certain non-U.S. subsidiaries with health care benefits or life insurance benefits upon retirement. Substantial portions of the health care benefits for U.S. salaried retirees are not insured and are funded from operations. 91 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) During the third quarter of 2012, we announced changes to our U.S. and Canadian salaried other postretirement benefit plans, effective January 1, 2013. The changes consist primarily of eliminating coverage for participants who are or become at least age 65 and eligible for government subsidized programs. As a result of these actions, we were required to remeasure the benefit obligations of the affected plans which resulted in the reduction of our U.S. other postretirement benefit obligation by $56 million &#32;and our Canadian other postretirement benefit obligation by $18 million . The discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation of our U.S. salaried other postretirement benefit plans at August 31, 2012 was 3.0% , compared to 4.0% &#32;at December 31, 2011. The discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation of our Canadian salaried other postretirement benefit plan at August 31, 2012 was 4.0% , compared to 4.25% &#32;at December 31, 2011. 92 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Total benefits cost and amounts recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss follows: Pension Plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other Postretirement Benefits (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Benefits cost: Service cost $ 39 $ 41 $ 39 $ 31 $ 32 $ 25 $ 6 $ 6 $ 5 Interest cost 261 283 296 143 150 145 24 30 33 Expected return on plan assets (299 ) (306 ) (280 ) (117 ) (131 ) (126 ) (1 ) -- (1 ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 23 23 31 2 2 2 (40 ) (37 ) (37 ) Amortization of net losses 179 134 133 45 38 35 11 10 9 Net periodic cost 203 175 219 104 91 81 -- 9 9 Curtailments/settlements 1 15 33 11 1 15 -- -- 8 Termination benefits -- -- 43 1 1 -- -- -- -- Total benefits cost $ 204 $ 190 $ 295 $ 116 $ 93 $ 96 $ -- $ 9 $ 17 Recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss before tax and minority: Prior service cost (credit) from plan amendments $ -- $ -- $ -- $ 6 $ -- $ 1 $ (82 ) $ -- $ -- Increase (decrease) in net actuarial losses 665 735 143 372 45 (12 ) (4 ) 15 59 Amortization of prior service (cost) credit in net periodic cost (23 ) (23 ) (31 ) (2 ) (2 ) (2 ) 40 37 37 Amortization of net losses in net periodic cost (179 ) (134 ) (133 ) (43 ) (38 ) (35 ) (11 ) (10 ) (9 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements, and divestitures (1 ) (15 ) (40 ) (11 ) (4 ) (16 ) -- -- (8 ) Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss before tax and minority 462 563 (61 ) 322 1 (64 ) (57 ) 42 79 Total recognized in total benefits cost and other comprehensive (income) loss before tax and minority $ 666 $ 753 $ 234 $ 438 $ 94 $ 32 $ (57 ) $ 51 $ 96 Total benefits (credit) cost for our other postretirement benefits was $(17) million , $(12) million &#32;and $(1) million &#32;for our U.S. plans in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively, and $17 million , $21 million &#32;and $18 million &#32;for our non-U.S. plans in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Total benefits cost for our other postretirement benefits includes a settlement charge of $7 million &#32;in 2010 for participant data for our U.S. plans related to prior periods. We use the fair value of our pension assets in the calculation of pension expense for substantially all of our pension plans. The estimated prior service cost and net actuarial loss for the defined benefit pension plans that will be amortized from AOCL into benefits cost in 2013 &#32;are $17 million &#32;and $211 million , respectively, for our U.S. plans and $1 million &#32;and $63 million , respectively, for our non-U.S. plans. The estimated prior service credit and net actuarial loss for the other postretirement benefit plans that will be amortized from AOCL into benefits cost in 2013 &#32;are a benefit of $46 million &#32;and expense of $13 million , respectively. The Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act provides plan sponsors a federal subsidy for certain qualifying prescription drug benefits covered under the sponsor';s postretirement health care plans. Our other postretirement benefits cost is presented net of this subsidy. 93 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The change in benefit obligation and plan assets for 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;and the amounts recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 &#32;are as follows: Pension Plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other Postretirement Benefits (In millions) 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 Change in benefit obligation: Beginning balance $ (5,975 ) $ (5,641 ) $ (2,736 ) $ (2,696 ) $ (582 ) $ (604 ) Newly adopted plans -- -- (24 ) -- -- -- Service cost -- benefits earned (39 ) (41 ) (31 ) (32 ) (6 ) (6 ) Interest cost (261 ) (283 ) (143 ) (150 ) (24 ) (30 ) Plan amendments -- -- -- -- 82 -- Actuarial (loss) gain (863 ) (452 ) (383 ) (84 ) 6 (17 ) Participant contributions -- -- (3 ) (2 ) (31 ) (34 ) Curtailments/settlements 1 27 39 16 -- -- Termination benefits -- -- (1 ) (1 ) -- -- Divestitures -- -- -- 5 -- 1 Foreign currency translation -- -- (88 ) 53 2 15 Benefit payments 381 415 150 155 79 93 Ending balance $ (6,756 ) $ (5,975 ) $ (3,220 ) $ (2,736 ) $ (474 ) $ (582 ) Change in plan assets: Beginning balance $ 3,523 $ 3,714 $ 2,091 $ 2,074 $ 6 $ 7 Actual return on plan assets 497 23 158 155 -- 1 Company contributions to plan assets 454 193 193 40 2 3 Cash funding of direct participant payments 8 35 29 26 46 56 Participant contributions -- -- 3 2 31 34 Settlements (1 ) (27 ) (39 ) (15 ) -- -- Divestitures -- -- -- (1 ) -- (1 ) Foreign currency translation -- -- 69 (35 ) -- (1 ) Benefit payments (381 ) (415 ) (150 ) (155 ) (79 ) (93 ) Ending balance $ 4,100 $ 3,523 $ 2,354 $ 2,091 $ 6 $ 6 Funded status at end of year $ (2,656 ) $ (2,452 ) $ (866 ) $ (645 ) $ (468 ) $ (576 ) Other postretirement benefits funded status was $(246) million &#32;and $(322) million &#32;for our U.S. plans at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, and $(222) million &#32;and $(254) million &#32;for our non-U.S. plans at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively. 94 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of: Pension Plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other Postretirement Benefits (In millions) 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 Current assets $ -- $ -- $ 2 $ -- $ -- $ -- Noncurrent assets -- -- 33 33 -- -- Current liabilities (8 ) (10 ) (23 ) (21 ) (39 ) (52 ) Noncurrent liabilities (2,648 ) (2,442 ) (878 ) (657 ) (429 ) (524 ) Net amount recognized $ (2,656 ) $ (2,452 ) $ (866 ) $ (645 ) $ (468 ) $ (576 ) Amounts recognized in AOCL, net of tax, consist of: Pension Plans U.S. Non-U.S. Other Postretirement Benefits (In millions) 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 Prior service cost (credit) $ 78 $ 101 $ 12 $ 8 $ (246 ) $ (204 ) Net actuarial loss 3,385 2,900 1,162 844 170 185 Gross amount recognized 3,463 3,001 1,174 852 (76 ) (19 ) Deferred income taxes (125 ) (125 ) (157 ) (106 ) 4 (6 ) Minority shareholders'; equity (67 ) (59 ) (174 ) (111 ) 2 3 Net amount recognized $ 3,271 $ 2,817 $ 843 $ 635 $ (70 ) $ (22 ) The following table presents significant weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31: Pension Plans Other Postretirement Benefits 2012 2011 2012 2011 Discount rate: -- U.S. 3.71 % 4.52 % 3.30 % 4.12 % -- Non-U.S. 4.12 5.07 5.64 5.88 Rate of compensation increase: -- U.S. N/A N/A N/A N/A -- Non-U.S. 3.23 3.36 4.12 3.71 95 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table presents significant weighted average assumptions used to determine benefits cost for the years ended December 31: Pension Plans Other Postretirement Benefits 2012 2011 2010 2012 2011 2010 Discount rate: -- U.S. 4.52 % 5.20 % 5.75 % 3.98 % 4.62 % 5.45 % -- Non-U.S. 5.07 5.54 5.68 5.91 6.52 6.79 Expected long term return on plan assets: -- U.S. 8.50 8.50 8.50 N/A N/A N/A -- Non-U.S. 5.56 6.29 6.60 N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase: -- U.S. N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A -- Non-U.S. 3.36 3.43 3.94 3.71 3.99 4.21 For 2012 , an assumed weighted average discount rate of 4.52% &#32;was used for the U.S. pension plans. This rate was developed from a portfolio of bonds from issuers rated AA or higher by established rating agencies as of December 31, 2011 , with cash flows similar to the timing of our expected benefit payment cash flows. For our non-U.S. locations, a weighted average discount rate of 5.07% &#32;was used. This rate was developed based on the nature of the liabilities and local environments, using available bond indices, yield curves, and long term inflation. For 2012 , an expected long term rate of return of 8.50% &#32;was used for the U.S. pension plans. In developing this rate, we evaluated the compound annualized returns of our U.S. pension fund over a period of 15 years or more through December 31, 2011 . In addition, we evaluated input from our pension fund consultant on asset class return expectations and long term inflation. For our non-U.S. locations, a weighted average assumed long term rate of return of 5.56% &#32;was used. Input from local pension fund consultants concerning asset class return expectations and long term inflation form the basis of this assumption. The following table presents estimated future benefit payments from the plans as of December 31, 2012 . Benefit payments for other postretirement benefits are presented net of retiree contributions: Pension Plans Other Postretirement Benefits (In millions) U.S. Non-U.S. Without Medicare Part D Subsidy Medicare Part D Subsidy Receipts 2013 $ 426 $ 154 $ 42 $ (1 ) 2014 407 155 37 (1 ) 2015 425 159 36 (1 ) 2016 423 167 35 (1 ) 2017 421 170 34 (1 ) 2018-2022 2,100 930 162 (6 ) The following table presents selected information on our pension plans: U.S. Non-U.S. (In millions) 2012 2011 2012 2011 All plans: Accumulated benefit obligation $ 6,738 $ 5,961 $ 3,094 $ 2,659 Plans not fully-funded: Projected benefit obligation $ 6,756 $ 5,975 $ 2,668 $ 2,572 Accumulated benefit obligation 6,738 5,961 2,564 2,505 Fair value of plan assets 4,100 3,523 1,770 1,899 96 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries maintain unfunded pension plans consistent with local practices and requirements. At December 31, 2012 , these plans accounted for $318 million &#32;of our accumulated pension benefit obligation, $366 million &#32;of our projected pension benefit obligation, and $99 million &#32;of our AOCL adjustment. At December 31, 2011 , these plans accounted for $249 million &#32;of our accumulated pension benefit obligation, $270 million &#32;of our projected pension benefit obligation, and $35 million &#32;of our AOCL adjustment. We expect to contribute approximately $275 million &#32;to $325 million &#32;to our funded U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans in 2013 . Assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31 follow: 2012 2011 Health care cost trend rate assumed for the next year 8.2 % 8.2 % Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 5.0 5.0 Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 2017 2017 A 1% &#32;change in the assumed health care cost trend would have increased (decreased) the accumulated other postretirement benefits obligation at December 31, 2012 &#32;and the aggregate service and interest cost for the year then ended as follows: (In millions) 1% Increase 1% Decrease Accumulated other postretirement benefits obligation $ 29 $ (27 ) Aggregate service and interest cost 3 (3 ) Our pension plan weighted average investment allocation at December 31, by asset category, follows: U.S. Non-U.S. 2012 2011 2012 2011 Cash and short term securities 5 % 1 % 2 % 2 % Equity securities 62 63 27 26 Debt securities 32 35 58 59 Alternatives 1 1 13 13 Total 100 % 100 % 100 % 100 % Our pension investment policy recognizes the long term nature of pension liabilities, the benefits of diversification across asset classes and the effects of inflation. The diversified portfolio is designed to maximize returns consistent with levels of liquidity and investment risk that are prudent and reasonable. All assets are managed externally according to target asset allocation guidelines we have established. Manager guidelines prohibit the use of any type of investment derivative without our prior approval. Portfolio risk is controlled by having managers comply with guidelines, establishing the maximum size of any single holding in their portfolios and by using managers with different investment styles. We periodically undertake asset and liability modeling studies to determine the appropriateness of the investments. Subsequent to December 31, 2012, substantially all of our U.S. pension plans entered into short term zero cost equity and interest rate option strategies to reduce a significant portion of our U.S. pension funded status volatility that occurs due to equity and interest rate movements. The portfolio of our U.S. pension plan assets includes holdings of U.S., non-U.S., and private equities, global high quality and high yield fixed income securities, and short term interest bearing deposits. The target asset allocation of the U.S. pension fund is 70% &#32;equities and 30% &#32;fixed income. Actual U.S. pension fund asset allocations are reviewed on a periodic basis and the pension fund is rebalanced to target ranges on an as needed basis. The portfolios of our non-U.S. pension plans include holdings of U.S. and non-U.S. equities, global high quality and high yield fixed income securities, hedge funds, currency derivatives, insurance contracts, and short term interest bearing deposits. The weighted average target asset allocation of the non-U.S. pension funds is approximately 30% &#32;equities, 60% &#32;fixed income, and 10% &#32;alternative investments. 97 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The fair values of our pension plan assets at December 31, 2012 , by asset category are as follows: U.S. Non-U.S. (In millions) Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Cash and Short Term Securities $ 218 $ 207 $ 11 $ -- $ 56 $ 32 $ 24 $ -- Equity Securities Common and Preferred Stock: U.S. Companies 64 64 -- -- 50 50 -- -- Non-U.S. Companies 721 715 6 -- 119 119 -- -- Commingled Funds 1,487 -- 1,487 -- 376 21 355 -- Mutual Funds -- -- -- -- 101 13 88 -- Partnership Interests 254 -- 63 191 -- -- -- -- Debt Securities Corporate Bonds 519 -- 518 1 130 15 115 -- Government Bonds 332 -- 332 -- 482 481 1 -- Asset Backed Securities 54 -- 54 -- 5 2 3 -- Commingled Funds 381 -- 381 -- 723 10 713 -- Mutual Funds 16 -- 16 -- 44 39 5 -- Alternatives Commingled Funds -- -- -- -- 150 3 4 143 Real Estate 48 48 -- -- 142 -- 4 138 Other Investments 2 -- -- 2 19 -- -- 19 Total Investments 4,096 $ 1,034 $ 2,868 $ 194 2,397 $ 785 $ 1,312 $ 300 Other 4 (43 ) Total Plan Assets $ 4,100 $ 2,354 98 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The fair values of our pension plan assets at December 31, 2011 , by asset category are as follows: U.S. Non-U.S. (In millions) Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Cash and Short Term Securities $ 51 $ 51 $ -- $ -- $ 49 $ 34 $ 15 $ -- Equity Securities Common and Preferred Stock: U.S. Companies 58 58 -- -- 47 47 -- -- Non-U.S. Companies 609 606 3 -- 110 110 -- -- Commingled Funds 1,323 -- 1,323 -- 293 19 274 -- Mutual Funds -- -- -- -- 98 13 85 -- Partnership Interests 219 -- 62 157 -- -- -- -- Debt Securities Corporate Bonds 409 -- 409 -- 95 12 83 -- Government Bonds 329 -- 328 1 382 364 18 -- Asset Backed Securities 55 -- 55 -- 3 -- 3 -- Commingled Funds 415 -- 415 -- 703 8 695 -- Mutual Funds 7 -- 7 -- 50 42 8 -- Alternatives Commingled Funds -- -- -- -- 128 2 4 122 Real Estate 36 36 -- -- 126 -- 4 122 Other Investments 1 -- -- 1 20 -- 1 19 Total Investments 3,512 $ 751 $ 2,602 $ 159 2,104 $ 651 $ 1,190 $ 263 Other 11 (13 ) Total Plan Assets $ 3,523 $ 2,091 At December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , the Plans did not directly hold any of our common stock. The classification of fair value measurements within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement. Valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value are as follows: &#8226; Cash and Short Term Securities: Cash and cash equivalents consist of U.S. and foreign currencies. Foreign currencies are reported in U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates readily available in active markets. Short term securities are valued at the net asset value of units held at year end, as determined by the investment manager. &#8226; Equity Securities: Common and preferred stock are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Commingled funds are valued at the net asset value of units held at year end, as determined by a pricing vendor or the fund family. Mutual funds are valued at the net asset value of shares held at year end, as determined by the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded, or a pricing vendor or the fund family if an active market is not available. Partnership interests are priced based on valuations using the partnership';s available financial statements coinciding with our year end, adjusted for any cash transactions which occurred between the date of those financial statements and our year end. &#8226; Debt Securities: Corporate and government bonds, including asset backed securities, are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded, or based on institutional bid evaluations using proprietary models if an active market is not available. Commingled funds are valued at the net asset value of units held at year end, as determined by a pricing vendor or the fund family. Mutual funds are valued at the net asset value of shares held at year end, as determined by the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded, or a pricing vendor or the fund family if an active market is not available. &#8226; Alternatives: Commingled funds are invested in hedge funds and currency derivatives, which are valued at the net asset value as determined by the fund manager based on the most recent financial information available, which typically represents significant unobservable data. Real estate held in real estate investment trusts are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Participation in real estate funds are valued at the net asset value as determined by the fund manager based on the most recent financial information available, which typically represents significant unobservable data. Other investments include derivative financial instruments, which are 99 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) primarily valued using independent pricing sources which utilize industry standard derivative valuation models and directed insurance contracts, which are valued as reported by the issuer. The methods described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. The following table sets forth a summary of changes in fair value of the pension plan investments classified as Level 3 &#32;for the year ended December 31, 2012 : U.S. Non-U.S. (In millions) Partnership Interests Other Commingled Funds Real Estate Other Balance, beginning of year $ 157 $ 2 $ 122 $ 122 $ 19 Realized gains 4 -- -- -- -- Unrealized gains relating to instruments still held at the reporting date -- -- 5 -- -- Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements (net) 30 -- 10 10 -- Transfers out of Level 3 -- 1 -- -- -- Foreign currency translation -- -- 6 6 -- Balance, end of year $ 191 $ 3 $ 143 $ 138 $ 19 The following table sets forth a summary of changes in fair value of the pension plan investments classified as Level 3 &#32;for the year ended December 31, 2011 : U.S. Non-U.S. (In millions) Partnership Interests Other Commingled Funds Real Estate Other Balance, beginning of year $ 138 $ 3 $ 118 $ 100 $ 23 Realized gains (losses) 9 -- (2 ) -- -- Unrealized (losses) gains relating to instruments still held at the reporting date (2 ) (1 ) (2 ) 5 -- Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements (net) 12 -- 9 18 (3 ) Foreign currency translation -- -- (1 ) (1 ) (1 ) Balance, end of year $ 157 $ 2 $ 122 $ 122 $ 19 Other postretirement benefits plan assets at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , which relate to a non-U.S. plan, are invested primarily in mutual funds and are considered a Level 1 investment. 100 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Savings Plans Substantially all employees in the U.S. and employees of certain non-U.S. locations are eligible to participate in a defined contribution savings plan. Expenses recognized for contributions to these plans were $97 million , $98 million &#32;and $93 million &#32;for 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Note 17. Stock Compensation Plans Our 2002 Performance Plan and 2005 Performance Plan (collectively the ";Plans";) permitted grants of performance share units, stock options, stock appreciation rights (";SARs";), and restricted stock to employees. The Plans expired on April 15, 2005 and April 26, 2008, respectively, except for grants then outstanding. Our 2008 Performance Plan, which was adopted on April 8, 2008 and is due to expire on April 8, 2018, permits the grant of performance share units, stock options, SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, other stock-based grants and awards and cash-based grants and awards to employees and directors. A total of 8,000,000 shares of our common stock may be issued in respect of grants made under the 2008 Performance Plan. Any shares of common stock that are subject to awards of stock options or SARs will be counted as one share for each share granted for purposes of the aggregate share limit and any shares of common stock that are subject to any other awards will be counted as 1.61 shares for each share granted for purposes of the aggregate share limit. In addition, shares of common stock that are subject to awards issued under the 2008 Performance Plan or certain prior equity compensation plans that expire according to their terms or are forfeited, terminated, canceled or surrendered or are settled, or can be paid, only in cash will be available for issuance pursuant to a new grant or award under the 2008 Performance Plan. Shares issued under our stock-based compensation plans are usually issued from shares of our common stock held in treasury. Stock Options Grants of stock options and SARs (collectively referred to as ";options";) under the Plans and the 2008 Performance Plan generally have a graded vesting period of four years whereby one-fourth of the awards vest on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, an exercise price equal to the fair market value of one share of our common stock on the date of grant (calculated as the average of the high and low price on that date or, with respect to the 2008 Performance Plan, the closing market price on that date) and a contractual term of ten years. The exercise of tandem SARs cancels an equivalent number of stock options and conversely, the exercise of stock options cancels an equivalent number of tandem SARs. Option grants are cancelled on, or 90 days following, termination of employment unless termination is due to retirement, death or disability under certain circumstances, in which case, all outstanding options vest fully and remain outstanding for a term set forth in the related grant agreement. Under the Plans, the exercise of certain stock options through a share swap, whereby the employee exercising the stock options tenders shares of our common stock then owned by such employee towards the exercise price plus taxes, if any, due from such employee, results in an immediate grant of new options (hereinafter referred to as ";reload"; options) equal to the number of shares so tendered plus any shares tendered to satisfy the employee';s income tax obligations on the transaction. Each such grant of reload options vests on the first anniversary of its respective grant date, has an exercise price equal to the fair market value of one share of our common stock on the date of grant (calculated as the average of the high and low price on that date) and a contractual term equal to the remaining contractual term of the original option. The subsequent exercise of such reload options through a share swap does not result in the grant of any additional reload options. The 2008 Performance Plan does not permit the grant of reload options. 101 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table summarizes the activity related to options during 2012 : Options Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value (In millions) Outstanding at January 1 12,787,824 $ 14.84 Options granted 2,004,429 12.79 Options exercised (513,910 ) 7.98 $ 2 Options expired (140,502 ) 8.89 Options cancelled (608,979 ) 17.34 Outstanding at December 31 13,528,862 14.75 5.5 26 Vested and expected to vest at December 31 13,049,005 14.84 5.3 24 Exercisable at December 31 9,166,525 15.92 4.1 19 Available for grant at December 31 6,510,610 In addition, the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised in 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;was $10 million &#32;and $1 million , respectively. Significant option groups outstanding at December 31, 2012 &#32;and related weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual term information follows: Grant Date Options Outstanding Options Exercisable Exercise Price Remaining Contractual Term(Years) 2/27/2012 1,734,582 4,156 $ 12.94 9.2 2/22/2011 1,311,165 343,417 13.91 8.2 2/23/2010 1,250,773 665,443 12.74 7.2 2/26/2009 1,631,988 1,230,591 4.81 6.2 2/21/2008 1,109,994 1,109,994 26.74 5.2 2/27/2007 1,239,522 1,239,522 24.71 4.2 12/6/2005 825,642 825,642 17.15 2.9 12/9/2004 1,465,881 1,465,881 12.54 1.9 12/2/2003 682,576 682,576 6.81 0.9 All other 2,276,739 1,599,303 (1 ) (1 ) 13,528,862 9,166,525 _______________________________________ (1) Options in the ";All other"; category had exercise prices ranging from $5.52 &#32;to $36.25 . The weighted average exercise price for options outstanding and exercisable in that category was $16.52 &#32;and $18.27 , respectively, while the remaining weighted average contractual term was 5.0 &#32;and 3.5 years , respectively. 102 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Weighted average grant date fair values of stock options and the assumptions used in estimating those fair values are as follows: 2012 2011 2010 Weighted average grant date fair value $ 6.33 $ 6.94 $ 6.45 Black-Scholes model assumptions (1): Expected term (years) 6.25 6.25 6.25 Interest rate 1.09 % 2.28 % 2.58 % Volatility 50.8 % 49.5 % 50.5 % Dividend yield -- -- -- _______________________________________ (1) We review the assumptions used in our Black-Scholes model in conjunction with estimating the grant date fair value of the annual grants of stock-based awards by our Board of Directors. Performance Share Units Performance share units granted under the 2008 Performance Plan are earned over a three-year period beginning January 1 of the year of grant. Total units earned for grants made in 2012, may vary between 0% &#32;and 200% &#32;of the units granted based on the attainment of performance targets during the related three-year period and continued service. Total units earned for grants made in 2011 and 2010, may vary between 0% &#32;and 150% &#32;of the units granted based on the attainment of performance targets during the related three-year period and continued service. The performance targets are established by the Board of Directors. All of the units earned will be settled through the issuance of an equivalent number of shares of our common stock and are equity classified. Eligible employees may elect to defer receiving the payout of all or a portion of their units earned until termination of employment. For grants made in 2010 &#32;and later under the 2008 Performance Plan, each deferred unit equates to one share of our common stock and is payable 100% &#32;in shares of our common stock at the expiration of the deferral period. The following table summarizes the activity related to performance share units during 2012 : Units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Unvested at January 1 295,460 $ 14.13 Units granted 174,877 13.57 Units vested (132,845 ) 12.55 Units forfeited (18,563 ) 14.14 Unvested at December 31 318,929 14.48 We measure the fair value of grants of performance share units based primarily on the closing market price of a share of our common stock on the date of the grant, modified as appropriate to take into account the features of such grants. 103 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Other Information Stock-based compensation expense, cash payments made to settle SARs and performance share units, and cash received from the exercise of stock options follows: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Stock-based compensation expense recognized $ 15 $ 18 $ 26 Tax impact -- -- -- After-tax stock-based compensation expense $ 15 $ 18 $ 26 Cash payments to settle SARs and performance share units $ -- $ -- $ -- Cash received from stock option exercises 4 8 1 As of December 31, 2012 , unearned compensation cost related to the unvested portion of all stock-based awards was approximately $25 million &#32;and is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period of the respective grants, through December 31, 2016. Note 18. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Environmental Matters We have recorded liabilities totaling $43 million &#32;and $46 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively, for anticipated costs related to various environmental matters, primarily the remediation of numerous waste disposal sites and certain properties sold by us. Of these amounts, $9 million &#32;and $11 million &#32;were included in Other Current Liabilities at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively. The costs include legal and consulting fees, site studies, the design and implementation of remediation plans, post-remediation monitoring and related activities, and will be paid over several years. The amount of our ultimate liability in respect of these matters may be affected by several uncertainties, primarily the ultimate cost of required remediation and the extent to which other responsible parties contribute. &#32;We have limited potential insurance coverage for future environmental claims. Since many of the remediation activities related to environmental matters vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site and the associated costs for each vary depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, in some cases we cannot reasonably estimate a range of possible losses. Although it is not possible to estimate with certainty the outcome of all of our environmental matters, management believes that potential losses in excess of current reserves for environmental matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows or results of operations. Workers'; Compensation We have recorded liabilities, on a discounted basis, totaling $307 million &#32;and $302 million &#32;for anticipated costs related to workers'; compensation at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively. Of these amounts, $57 million &#32;and $63 million &#32;were included in Current Liabilities as part of Compensation and Benefits at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively. The costs include an estimate of expected settlements on pending claims, defense costs and a provision for claims incurred but not reported. These estimates are based on our assessment of potential liability using an analysis of available information with respect to pending claims, historical experience, and current cost trends. The amount of our ultimate liability in respect of these matters may differ from these estimates. We periodically, and at least annually, update our loss development factors based on actuarial analyses. At December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , the liability was discounted using a risk-free rate of return. At &#32; December 31, 2012, we estimate that it is reasonably possible that the liability could exceed our recorded amounts by approximately $40 million . General and Product Liability and Other Litigation We have recorded liabilities totaling $298 million &#32;and $293 million , including related legal fees expected to be incurred, for potential product liability and other tort claims, including asbestos claims, presently asserted against us at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively. Of these amounts, $40 million &#32;were included in Other Current Liabilities at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 . The amounts recorded were estimated based on an assessment of potential liability using an analysis of available information with respect to pending claims, historical experience and, where available, recent and current trends. Based upon that assessment, at December 31, 2012 , we do not believe that estimated reasonably possible losses associated with general and product liability claims in excess of the amounts recorded will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash &#32; 104 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) flows or results of operations. However, the amount of our ultimate liability in respect of these matters may differ from these estimates. Asbestos. &#32;We are a defendant in numerous lawsuits alleging various asbestos-related personal injuries purported to result from alleged exposure to asbestos in certain products manufactured by us or present in certain of our facilities. Typically, these lawsuits have been brought against multiple defendants in state and Federal courts. To date, we have disposed of approximately 105,600 &#32;claims by defending and obtaining the dismissal thereof or by entering into a settlement. The sum of our accrued asbestos-related liability and gross payments to date, including legal costs, totaled approximately $407 million &#32;through December 31, 2012 &#32;and $388 million &#32;through December 31, 2011 . A summary of recent approximate asbestos claims activity follows. Because claims are often filed and disposed of by dismissal or settlement in large numbers, the amount and timing of settlements and the number of open claims during a particular period can fluctuate significantly. (Dollars in millions) 2012 2011 2010 Pending claims, beginning of year 78,500 83,700 90,200 New claims filed during the year 2,200 2,200 1,700 Claims settled/dismissed during the year (7,500 ) (7,400 ) (8,200 ) Pending claims, end of year 73,200 78,500 83,700 Payments (1) $ 18 $ 23 $ 26 ________________________________ (1) Represents amount spent by us and our insurers on asbestos litigation defense and claim resolution. We periodically, and at least annually, review our existing reserves for pending claims, including a reasonable estimate of the liability associated with unasserted asbestos claims, and estimate our receivables from probable insurance recoveries. We had recorded gross liabilities for both asserted and unasserted claims, inclusive of defense costs, totaling $139 million &#32;and $138 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;and December 31, 2011 , respectively. The recorded liability represents our estimated liability over the next ten years, which represents the period over which the liability can be reasonably estimated. Due to the difficulties in making these estimates, analysis based on new data and/or a change in circumstances arising in the future could result in an increase in the recorded obligation in an amount that cannot be reasonably estimated, and that increase could be significant. The portion of the liability associated with unasserted asbestos claims and related defense costs was $68 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;and $64 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 . At December 31, 2012 , our liability with respect to asserted claims and related defense costs was $71 million , compared to $74 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 . We maintain primary insurance coverage under coverage-in-place agreements, and also have excess liability insurance with respect to asbestos liabilities. After consultation with our outside legal counsel and giving consideration to agreements with certain of our insurance carriers, the financial viability and legal obligations of our insurance carriers and other relevant factors, we determine an amount we expect is probable of recovery from such carriers. We record a receivable with respect to such policies when we determine that recovery is probable and we can reasonably estimate the amount of a particular recovery. We recorded a receivable related to asbestos claims of $73 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 &#32;and $67 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 . We expect that approximately 50% &#32;of asbestos claim related losses would be recoverable through insurance through the period covered by the estimated liability. Of these amounts, $10 million &#32;was included in Current Assets as part of Accounts Receivable at December 31, 2012 &#32;and $8 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 . The recorded receivable consists of an amount we expect to collect under coverage-in-place agreements with certain primary carriers as well as an amount we believe is probable of recovery from certain of our excess coverage insurance carriers. We believe that, at December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $160 million &#32;in limits of excess level policies potentially applicable to indemnity and defense costs for asbestos products claims. We also had coverage under certain primary policies for indemnity and defense costs for asbestos products claims under remaining aggregate limits, as well as coverage for indemnity and defense costs for asbestos premises claims on a per occurrence basis, pursuant to coverage-in-place agreements at December 31, 2012 . 105 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) We believe that our reserve for asbestos claims, and the receivable for recoveries from insurance carriers recorded in respect of these claims, reflects reasonable and probable estimates of these amounts, subject to the exclusion of claims for which it is not feasible to make reasonable estimates. The estimate of the assets and liabilities related to pending and expected future asbestos claims and insurance recoveries is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in: &#8226; &#32;the litigation environment, &#8226; &#32;Federal and state law governing the compensation of asbestos claimants, &#8226; &#32;recoverability of receivables due to potential insolvency of carriers, &#8226; &#32;our approach to defending and resolving claims, and &#8226; &#32;the level of payments made to claimants from other sources, including other defendants and 524(g) trusts. As a result, with respect to both asserted and unasserted claims, it is reasonably possible that we may incur a material amount of cost in excess of the current reserve; however, such amounts cannot be reasonably estimated. Coverage under insurance policies is subject to varying characteristics of asbestos claims including, but not limited to, the type of claim (premise vs. product exposure), alleged date of first exposure to our products or premises and disease alleged. Depending upon the nature of these characteristics, as well as the resolution of certain legal issues, some portion of the insurance may not be accessible by us. Other Actions. &#32;We are currently a party to various claims and legal proceedings in addition to those noted above. If management believes that a loss arising from these matters is probable and can reasonably be estimated, we record the amount of the loss, or the minimum estimated liability when the loss is estimated using a range, and no point within the range is more probable than another. As additional information becomes available, any potential liability related to these matters is assessed and the estimates are revised, if necessary. Based on currently available information, management believes that the ultimate outcome of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or overall trends in results of operations. Our recorded liabilities and estimates of reasonably possible losses for the contingent liabilities described above are based on our assessment of potential liability using the information available to us at the time and, where applicable, any past experience and recent and current trends with respect to similar matters. Our contingent liabilities are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable judicial or administrative decisions could occur which we did not anticipate. Such an unfavorable decision could include monetary damages, fines or other penalties or an injunction prohibiting us from taking certain actions or selling certain products. If such an unfavorable decision were to occur, it could result in a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the decision occurs, or in future periods. Income Tax and Other Tax Matters The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary. We also recognize income tax benefits to the extent that it is more likely than not that our positions will be sustained when challenged by the taxing authorities. We derecognize income tax benefits when based on new information we determine that it is no longer more likely than not that our position will be sustained. To the extent we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established, or determine we need to derecognize tax benefits recorded in prior periods, our results of operations and effective tax rate in a given period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash, and lead to recognition of expense to the extent the settlement amount exceeds recorded liabilities and, in the case of an income tax settlement, result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction of expense to the extent the settlement amount is lower than recorded liabilities and, in the case of an income tax settlement, would result in a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. While the Company applies consistent transfer pricing policies and practices globally, supports transfer prices through economic studies, seeks advance pricing agreements and joint audits to the extent possible and believes its transfer prices to be appropriate, such transfer prices, and related interpretations of tax laws, are occasionally challenged by various taxing authorities globally. We have received various tax assessments challenging our interpretations of applicable tax laws in various jurisdictions. Although we believe we have complied with applicable tax laws, have strong positions and defenses and have historically been successful in defending such claims, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected in the case we are unsuccessful in the defense of existing or future claims. 106 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) In September 2011, the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil issued an assessment to us for allegedly improperly taking tax credits for value-added taxes paid to a supplier of natural rubber during the period from January 2006 to August 2008. The assessment, including interest and penalties, totals 92 million &#32;Brazilian real (approximately $45 million ). We received similar assessments from the State of Sao Paulo, Brazil in December 2010 for allegedly improperly taking tax credits for value-added taxes paid to other suppliers of natural rubber during the period from January 2006 to October 2009. These assessments, including interest and penalties, totaled 88 million &#32;Brazilian real (approximately $43 million ). We have filed responses contesting all of the assessments and are defending these matters. In the event we are unsuccessful in defending one or more of these assessments, our results of operations could be materially affected. Binding Commitments and Guarantees At December 31, 2012 , we had binding commitments for raw materials, capital expenditures, utilities, and various other types of contracts. Total commitments on contracts that extend beyond 2013 &#32;are expected to total approximately &#32; $3.4 billion . In addition, we have other contractual commitments, the amounts of which cannot be estimated, pursuant to certain long term agreements under which we will purchase varying amounts of certain raw materials and finished goods at agreed upon base prices that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in raw material costs and market price adjustments, or in quantities that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in our or our suppliers' production levels. We have off-balance sheet financial guarantees written and other commitments totaling approximately $45 million &#32;at December 31, 2012 , compared to $105 million &#32;at December 31, 2011 , primarily related to our obligations in connection with the financing of the construction of our new Global and North American Tire Headquarters facility. In addition, we will from time to time issue guarantees to financial institutions or other entities on behalf of certain of our affiliates, lessors or customers. Normally there is no separate premium received by us as consideration for the issuance of guarantees. We also generally do not require collateral in connection with the issuance of these guarantees. &#32;If our performance under these guarantees is triggered by non-payment or another specified event, &#32;we would be obligated to make payment to the financial institution or the other entity, and would typically have recourse to the affiliate, lessor or customer. &#32;The guarantees expire at various times through 2023. &#32;We are unable to estimate the extent to which our affiliates';, lessors'; or customers'; assets would be adequate to recover any payments made by us under the related guarantees. Indemnifications At December 31, 2012 , we were a party to various agreements under which we had assumed obligations to indemnify the counterparties from certain potential claims and losses. These agreements typically involve standard commercial activities undertaken by us in the normal course of business; the sale of assets by us; the formation of joint venture businesses to which we had contributed assets in exchange for ownership interests; and other financial transactions. Indemnifications provided by us pursuant to these agreements relate to various matters including, among other things, environmental, tax and shareholder matters; intellectual property rights; government regulations and employment-related matters; and dealer, supplier and other commercial matters. Certain indemnifications expire from time to time, and certain other indemnifications are not subject to an expiration date. In addition, our potential liability under certain indemnifications is subject to maximum caps, while other indemnifications are not subject to caps. Although we have been subject to indemnification claims in the past, we cannot reasonably estimate the number, type and size of indemnification claims that may arise in the future. Due to these and other uncertainties associated with the indemnifications, our maximum exposure to loss under these agreements cannot be estimated. We have determined that there are no indemnifications or guarantees other than liabilities for which amounts are already recorded or reserved in our consolidated financial statements under which it is probable that we have incurred a liability. Warranty We recorded $24 million &#32;and $20 million &#32;for potential claims under warranties offered by us at December 31, 2012 &#32;and 2011 , respectively, the majority of which is recorded in Other Current Liabilities. 107 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) The following table presents changes in the warranty reserve during 2012 &#32;and 2011 : (in millions) 2012 2011 Balance at January 1 $ 20 $ 17 Payments made during the period (17 ) (11 ) Expense recorded during the period 21 15 Translation adjustment -- (1 ) Balance at December 31 $ 24 $ 20 Note 19. Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock On March 31, 2011 , we issued 10,000,000 &#32;shares of our 5.875% &#32;mandatory convertible preferred stock, without par value and with an initial liquidation preference of $50.00 &#32;per share, at a price of $50.00 &#32;per share. Quarterly dividends on each share of the mandatory convertible preferred stock will accrue at a rate of 5.875% &#32;per year on the initial liquidation preference of $50.00 &#32;per share. Dividends will accrue and accumulate from the date of issuance and, to the extent that we are legally permitted to pay a dividend and the Board of Directors declares a dividend payable, we will pay dividends in cash on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on July 1, 2011 and ending on April 1, 2014. &#32;The mandatory convertible preferred stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to distribution rights in the event of any liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the Company. Unless converted earlier, each share of the mandatory convertible preferred stock will automatically convert on April 1, 2014 into between 2.7454 and 3.4317 shares of common stock, depending on the market value of our common stock for the 20 consecutive trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to April 1, 2014, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. At any time prior to April 1, 2014, holders may elect to convert shares of the mandatory convertible preferred stock at the minimum conversion rate of 2.7454 shares of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. If certain fundamental changes involving the Company occur, holders of the mandatory convertible preferred stock may convert their shares into a number of shares of common stock at the fundamental change conversion rate described in our Amended Articles of Incorporation. If the Company at any time has not paid the equivalent of six full quarterly dividends on the mandatory convertible preferred stock, the Company may, at its option, cause all, but not less than all, outstanding shares of the mandatory convertible preferred stock to be automatically converted into a number of shares of our common stock based on the fundamental change conversion rate. &#32; Upon conversion, we will pay converting holders all accrued and unpaid dividends, whether or not previously declared, on the converted shares and, in the case of a conversion upon a fundamental change or a conversion following nonpayment of dividends, the present value of the remaining dividend payments on the converted shares. Except as required by law or as specifically set forth in our Amended Articles of Incorporation, the holders of the mandatory convertible preferred stock have no voting rights. So long as any of the mandatory convertible preferred stock is outstanding, no dividend, except a dividend payable in shares of our common stock, or other shares ranking junior to the mandatory convertible preferred stock, may be paid or declared or any distribution be made on shares of the common stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends on the then outstanding mandatory convertible preferred stock payable on all dividend payment dates occurring on or prior to the date of such action have been declared and paid or funds sufficient therefor set apart. &#32; During 2012 &#32;and 2011 , we paid cash dividends of $29 million &#32;and $15 million , respectively. On December 2, 2012 , the Company';s Board of Directors declared cash dividends of $0.7344 &#32;per share of mandatory convertible preferred stock, or $7 million &#32;in the aggregate. The dividend was paid on January 2, 2013 &#32;to stockholders of record as of the close of business of December 14, 2012 . Note 20. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss The components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss follow: (In millions) 2012 2011 Foreign currency translation adjustment $ (538 ) $ (594 ) Unrecognized net actuarial losses and prior service costs (4,044 ) (3,430 ) Deferred derivative gain (loss) (4 ) 7 Unrealized investment gains 26 26 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss $ (4,560 ) $ (3,991 ) 108 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Note 21. Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates The following tables present summarized financial information for financial position and results of operations of our investments accounted for under the equity method: (In millions) 2012 2011 Financial Position: Current assets $ 739 $ 655 Noncurrent assets 84 72 Current liabilities 489 460 Noncurrent liabilities 19 29 Noncontrolling interests 51 38 Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 2010 Results of Operations: Net sales $ 2,058 $ 1,808 $ 1,547 Gross profit 672 596 508 Net income 136 80 70 Net income attributable to investee 123 69 63 Our equity in the earnings of unconsolidated affiliates was $34 million , $19 million &#32;and $11 million &#32;in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 , respectively. Note 22. Consolidating Financial Information Certain of our subsidiaries have guaranteed our obligations under the $1.0 billion &#32;outstanding principal amount of 8.25% &#32;senior notes due 2020 , the $282 million &#32;outstanding principal amount of 8.75% &#32;notes due 2020 , and the $700 million &#32;outstanding principal amount of 7% &#32;senior notes due 2022 &#32;(collectively, the ";notes";). The following presents the condensed consolidating financial information separately for: (i) The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (the ";Parent Company";), the issuer of the guaranteed obligations; (ii) Guarantor subsidiaries, on a combined basis, as specified in the indentures related to Goodyear';s obligations under the notes; (iii) Non-guarantor subsidiaries, on a combined basis; (iv) Consolidating entries and eliminations representing adjustments to (a) eliminate intercompany transactions between or among the Parent Company, the guarantor subsidiaries and the non-guarantor subsidiaries, (b) eliminate the investments in our subsidiaries, and (c) record consolidating entries; and (v) The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Each guarantor subsidiary is 100% &#32;owned by the Parent Company at the date of each balance sheet presented. The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by each guarantor subsidiary. &#32;The guarantees of the guarantor subsidiaries are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. Each entity in the consolidating financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements, except for the use by the Parent Company and guarantor subsidiaries of the equity method of accounting to reflect ownership interests in subsidiaries which are eliminated upon consolidation. Changes in intercompany receivables and payables related to operations, such as intercompany sales or service charges, are included in cash flows from operating activities. Intercompany transactions reported as investing or financing activities include the sale of the capital stock of various subsidiaries, loans and other capital transactions between members of the consolidated group. Effective in the second quarter of 2012, Wingfoot Mold Leasing Company became a guarantor subsidiary. All periods presented have been restated to reflect Wingfoot Mold Leasing Company as a guarantor subsidiary. 109 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Certain non-guarantor subsidiaries of the Parent Company are restricted from remitting funds to it by means of dividends, advances or loans due to required foreign government and/or currency exchange board approvals or restrictions in credit agreements or other debt instruments of those subsidiaries. &#32; Consolidating Balance Sheet December 31, 2012 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Assets: Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 802 $ 68 $ 1,411 $ -- $ 2,281 Accounts Receivable 905 212 1,446 -- 2,563 Accounts Receivable From Affiliates -- 668 -- (668 ) -- Inventories 1,263 176 1,893 (82 ) 3,250 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 64 10 321 9 404 Total Current Assets 3,034 1,134 5,071 (741 ) 8,498 Goodwill -- 25 516 123 664 Intangible Assets 110 1 29 -- 140 Deferred Income Taxes -- 56 130 -- 186 Other Assets 240 61 228 -- 529 Investments in Subsidiaries 3,986 299 4,576 (8,861 ) -- Property, Plant and Equipment 2,260 151 4,565 (20 ) 6,956 Total Assets $ 9,630 $ 1,727 $ 15,115 $ (9,499 ) $ 16,973 Liabilities: Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable-Trade $ 779 $ 214 $ 2,230 $ -- $ 3,223 Accounts Payable to Affiliates 485 -- 183 (668 ) -- Compensation and Benefits 384 31 304 -- 719 Other Current Liabilities 350 32 808 (8 ) 1,182 Notes Payable and Overdrafts -- -- 102 -- 102 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases Due Within One Year 9 -- 87 -- 96 Total Current Liabilities 2,007 277 3,714 (676 ) 5,322 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases 3,462 -- 1,426 -- 4,888 Compensation and Benefits 2,941 195 1,204 -- 4,340 Deferred and Other Noncurrent Income Taxes 41 6 219 (2 ) 264 Other Long Term Liabilities 809 32 159 -- 1,000 Total Liabilities 9,260 510 6,722 (678 ) 15,814 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Minority Shareholders'; Equity -- -- 327 207 534 Shareholders'; Equity: Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity: Preferred Stock 500 -- -- -- 500 Common Stock 245 339 5,305 (5,644 ) 245 Capital Surplus 2,815 53 1,096 (1,149 ) 2,815 Retained Earnings 1,370 1,367 2,879 (4,246 ) 1,370 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (4,560 ) (542 ) (1,469 ) 2,011 (4,560 ) Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 370 1,217 7,811 (9,028 ) 370 Minority Shareholders'; Equity -- Nonredeemable -- -- 255 -- 255 Total Shareholders'; Equity 370 1,217 8,066 (9,028 ) 625 Total Liabilities and Shareholders'; Equity $ 9,630 $ 1,727 $ 15,115 $ (9,499 ) $ 16,973 110 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Consolidating Balance Sheet December 31, 2011 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Assets: Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 916 $ 112 $ 1,744 $ -- $ 2,772 Accounts Receivable 984 217 1,648 -- 2,849 Accounts Receivable From Affiliates -- 513 203 (716 ) -- Inventories 1,579 227 2,135 (85 ) 3,856 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 53 9 262 11 335 Total Current Assets 3,532 1,078 5,992 (790 ) 9,812 Goodwill -- 25 460 169 654 Intangible Assets 110 1 46 -- 157 Deferred Income Taxes -- 82 63 -- 145 Other Assets 226 49 211 -- 486 Investments in Subsidiaries 4,067 339 4,367 (8,773 ) -- Property, Plant and Equipment 2,129 166 4,040 40 6,375 Total Assets $ 10,064 $ 1,740 $ 15,179 $ (9,354 ) $ 17,629 Liabilities: Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable-Trade $ 925 $ 199 $ 2,544 $ -- $ 3,668 Accounts Payable to Affiliates 716 -- -- (716 ) -- Compensation and Benefits 445 31 323 -- 799 Other Current Liabilities 344 35 687 (16 ) 1,050 Notes Payable and Overdrafts -- -- 256 -- 256 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases Due Within One Year 11 -- 145 -- 156 Total Current Liabilities 2,441 265 3,955 (732 ) 5,929 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases 3,271 -- 1,518 -- 4,789 Compensation and Benefits 2,793 294 915 -- 4,002 Deferred and Other Noncurrent Income Taxes 32 6 198 8 244 Other Long Term Liabilities 778 32 231 -- 1,041 Total Liabilities 9,315 597 6,817 (724 ) 16,005 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Minority Shareholders'; Equity -- -- 404 203 607 Shareholders'; Equity: Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity: Preferred Stock 500 -- -- -- 500 Common Stock 245 339 5,027 (5,366 ) 245 Capital Surplus 2,808 39 1,065 (1,104 ) 2,808 Retained Earnings 1,187 1,306 2,847 (4,153 ) 1,187 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (3,991 ) (541 ) (1,249 ) 1,790 (3,991 ) Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 749 1,143 7,690 (8,833 ) 749 Minority Shareholders'; Equity -- Nonredeemable -- -- 268 -- 268 Total Shareholders'; Equity 749 1,143 7,958 (8,833 ) 1,017 Total Liabilities and Shareholders'; Equity $ 10,064 $ 1,740 $ 15,179 $ (9,354 ) $ 17,629 111 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Consolidating Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2012 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Net Sales $ 8,898 $ 2,883 $ 22,424 $ (13,213 ) $ 20,992 Cost of Goods Sold 7,792 2,587 20,198 (13,414 ) 17,163 Selling, Administrative and General Expense 895 182 1,652 (11 ) 2,718 Rationalizations 38 7 130 -- 175 Interest Expense 258 26 287 (214 ) 357 Other (Income) and Expense (152 ) (30 ) (120 ) 441 139 Income (Loss) before Income Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries 67 111 277 (15 ) 440 United States and Foreign Taxes 23 29 152 (1 ) 203 Equity in Earnings (Loss) of Subsidiaries 168 (14 ) -- (154 ) -- Net Income (Loss) 212 68 125 (168 ) 237 Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income -- -- 25 -- 25 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) 212 68 100 (168 ) 212 Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 29 -- -- -- 29 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ 183 $ 68 $ 100 $ (168 ) $ 183 Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (362 ) $ 67 $ (144 ) $ 57 $ (382 ) Less: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Minority Shareholders -- -- (24 ) 4 (20 ) Goodyear Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (362 ) $ 67 $ (120 ) $ 53 $ (362 ) Year Ended December 31, 2011 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Net Sales $ 9,027 $ 2,892 $ 26,285 $ (15,437 ) $ 22,767 Cost of Goods Sold 8,209 2,574 23,729 (15,691 ) 18,821 Selling, Administrative and General Expense 898 185 1,747 (8 ) 2,822 Rationalizations 70 3 30 -- 103 Interest Expense 247 19 288 (224 ) 330 Other (Income) and Expense (218 ) (21 ) (162 ) 474 73 Income (Loss) before Income Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries (179 ) 132 653 12 618 United States and Foreign Taxes 37 (51 ) 217 (2 ) 201 Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries 559 29 -- (588 ) -- Net Income (Loss) 343 212 436 (574 ) 417 Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income -- -- 74 -- 74 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) $ 343 $ 212 $ 362 $ (574 ) $ 343 Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 22 -- -- -- 22 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ 321 $ 212 $ 362 $ (574 ) $ 321 Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (378 ) $ 148 $ 301 $ (412 ) $ (341 ) Less: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Minority Shareholders -- -- 44 (7 ) 37 Goodyear Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (378 ) $ 148 $ 257 $ (405 ) $ (378 ) 112 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Consolidating Statements of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2010 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Net Sales $ 7,648 $ 2,377 $ 20,179 $ (11,372 ) $ 18,832 Cost of Goods Sold 6,932 2,119 17,890 (11,489 ) 15,452 Selling, Administrative and General Expense 928 183 1,526 (7 ) 2,630 Rationalizations 163 22 55 -- 240 Interest Expense 271 17 147 (119 ) 316 Other (Income) and Expense (88 ) (20 ) 41 253 186 Income (Loss) before Income Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries (558 ) 56 520 (10 ) 8 United States and Foreign Taxes -- 8 163 1 172 Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries 342 18 -- (360 ) -- Net Income (Loss) (216 ) 66 357 (371 ) (164 ) Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income -- -- 52 -- 52 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) $ (216 ) $ 66 $ 305 $ (371 ) $ (216 ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (114 ) $ 57 $ 382 $ (410 ) $ (85 ) Less: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Minority Shareholders -- -- 44 (15 ) 29 Goodyear Comprehensive Income (Loss) $ (114 ) $ 57 $ 338 $ (395 ) $ (114 ) 113 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2012 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Total Cash Flows from Operating Activities $ 335 $ (3 ) $ 841 $ (135 ) $ 1,038 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (231 ) (10 ) (892 ) 6 (1,127 ) Asset dispositions 5 -- 11 -- 16 Capital contributions and loans (191 ) (27 ) (150 ) 368 -- Capital redemptions and loans 81 -- 200 (281 ) -- Increase in short term securities -- -- (29 ) -- (29 ) Other transactions 5 -- 12 -- 17 Total Cash Flows from Investing Activities (331 ) (37 ) (848 ) 93 (1,123 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short term debt and overdrafts incurred -- -- 77 -- 77 Short term debt and overdrafts paid -- -- (156 ) -- (156 ) Long term debt incurred 800 -- 2,731 -- 3,531 Long term debt paid (762 ) -- (2,955 ) -- (3,717 ) Preferred stock dividends paid (29 ) -- -- -- (29 ) Common stock issued 3 -- -- -- 3 Capital contributions and loans 150 -- 218 (368 ) -- Capital redemptions and loans (200 ) -- (81 ) 281 -- Intercompany dividends paid -- (6 ) (123 ) 129 -- Transactions with minority interests in subsidiaries (17 ) -- (54 ) -- (71 ) Debt related costs and other transactions (63 ) -- (1 ) -- (64 ) Total Cash Flows from Financing Activities (118 ) (6 ) (344 ) 42 (426 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -- 2 18 -- 20 Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents (114 ) (44 ) (333 ) -- (491 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year 916 112 1,744 -- 2,772 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year $ 802 $ 68 $ 1,411 $ -- $ 2,281 114 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2011 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Total Cash Flows from Operating Activities $ 260 $ 104 $ 581 $ (172 ) $ 773 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (210 ) (21 ) (815 ) 3 (1,043 ) Asset dispositions 69 -- 8 (1 ) 76 Asset acquisitions -- -- (1 ) 1 -- Government grants received -- -- 95 -- 95 Capital contributions (14 ) -- (17 ) 31 -- Capital redemptions -- -- 38 (38 ) -- Increase in short term securities -- -- (4 ) -- (4 ) Other transactions (2 ) -- (24 ) -- (26 ) Total Cash Flows from Investing Activities $ (157 ) $ (21 ) $ (720 ) $ (4 ) $ (902 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short term debt and overdrafts incurred -- -- 179 -- 179 Short term debt and overdrafts paid -- -- (138 ) -- (138 ) Long term debt incurred 400 -- 2,771 -- 3,171 Long term debt paid (750 ) -- (1,900 ) -- (2,650 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 484 -- -- -- 484 Preferred stock dividends paid (15 ) -- -- -- (15 ) Common stock issued 8 -- -- -- 8 Capital contributions and loans (101 ) -- 132 (31 ) -- Capital redemptions -- -- (38 ) 38 -- Intercompany dividends paid -- (7 ) (162 ) 169 -- Transactions with minority interests in subsidiaries (3 ) -- (21 ) -- (24 ) Debt related costs and other transactions (2 ) -- (19 ) -- (21 ) Total Cash Flows from Financing Activities 21 (7 ) 804 176 994 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -- (2 ) (96 ) -- (98 ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 124 74 569 -- 767 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year 792 38 1,175 -- 2,005 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year $ 916 $ 112 $ 1,744 $ -- $ 2,772 115 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - (Continued) Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2010 (In millions) Parent Company Guarantor Subsidiaries Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries Consolidating Entries and Eliminations Consolidated Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Total Cash Flows from Operating Activities $ 278 $ 45 $ 718 $ (117 ) $ 924 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (334 ) (20 ) (581 ) (9 ) (944 ) Asset dispositions 1 -- 69 -- 70 Capital contributions -- -- (136 ) 136 -- Capital redemptions 16 -- 134 (150 ) -- Other transactions 26 -- (11 ) -- 15 Total Cash Flows from Investing Activities (291 ) (20 ) (525 ) (23 ) (859 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short term debt and overdrafts incurred 3 2 80 -- 85 Short term debt and overdrafts paid -- -- (68 ) -- (68 ) Long term debt incurred 994 -- 756 -- 1,750 Long term debt paid (974 ) -- (581 ) -- (1,555 ) Common stock issued 1 -- -- -- 1 Capital contributions and loans -- -- 136 (136 ) -- Capital redemptions -- -- (150 ) 150 -- Intercompany dividends paid -- (7 ) (119 ) 126 -- Transactions with minority interests in subsidiaries -- -- (13 ) -- (13 ) Debt related costs and other transactions (21 ) -- -- -- (21 ) Total Cash Flows from Financing Activities 3 (5 ) 41 140 179 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents -- 1 (162 ) -- (161 ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents (10 ) 21 72 -- 83 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year 802 17 1,103 -- 1,922 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year $ 792 $ 38 $ 1,175 $ -- $ 2,005 Note 23. Subsequent Event On February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government announced the devaluation of its currency, the bolivar fuerte, effective February 13, 2013. The announcement indicated that the official exchange rate would be changed from 4.3 &#32;bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar to 6.3 &#32;bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar. Although the announcement provided limited details and we will not be able to fully assess the effect of the changes on our future results of operations until after the government publishes the decree in the Official Gazette, which is expected on February 13, 2013, we currently expect to record a charge of approximately $100 million , net of tax in the first quarter of 2013 in connection with the remeasurement of our balance sheet to reflect the devaluation of the official exchange rate to 6.3 &#32;bolivares fuertes to each U.S. dollar. 116 Table of Contents Supplementary Data (Unaudited) Quarterly Data and Market Price Information Quarter (In millions, except per share amounts) First Second Third Fourth Year 2012 Net Sales $ 5,533 $ 5,150 $ 5,264 $ 5,045 $ 20,992 Gross Profit 926 1,009 949 945 3,829 Net Income (Loss) 8 103 133 (7 ) 237 Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income (Loss) 12 11 16 (14 ) 25 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) (4 ) 92 117 7 212 Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 7 7 7 7 29 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ (11 ) $ 85 $ 110 $ -- $ 183 Goodyear Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders - Per Share of Common Stock: -- Basic $ (0.05 ) $ 0.35 $ 0.45 $ -- $ 0.75 -- Diluted * $ (0.05 ) $ 0.33 $ 0.41 $ -- $ 0.74 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding -- Basic 244 245 245 245 245 -- Diluted 244 281 281 247 247 Price Range of Common Stock:** High $ 15.80 $ 12.36 $ 13.54 $ 13.84 $ 15.80 Low 11.07 9.24 9.55 10.91 9.24 Selected Balance Sheet Items at Quarter-End: Total Assets $ 17,990 $ 17,601 $ 17,939 $ 16,973 Total Debt and Capital Leases 5,631 5,670 5,981 5,086 Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 863 947 1,230 370 Total Shareholders'; Equity 1,151 1,210 1,508 625 _______________________________________ * Due to the anti-dilutive impact of potentially dilutive securities, the quarterly earnings per share amounts do not add to the full year. ** New York Stock Exchange and The NASDAQ Stock Market -- Composite Transactions All numbers presented below are after-tax and minority. The first quarter of 2012 included net charges of $86 million related to cash premiums paid and write-offs of deferred financing fees and unamortized discount due to the early redemption of debt, net rationalization charges of $12 million primarily related to SAG headcount reductions in EMEA and Latin American Tire, asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $2 million primarily related to the closure of our Dalian manufacturing facility in the third quarter of 2012, and discrete tax charges of $3 million. Net insurance recoveries related to flooding in Thailand were $5 million and net gains on asset sales were $3 million. The second quarter of 2012 included a $24 million charge for debt issuance costs primarily related to the amendment and restatement of our U.S. second lien term loan facility, net rationalization charges of $23 million primarily related to SAG headcount reductions in EMEA and retail store closings in Asia Pacific Tire, asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation of $2 million primarily related to the closure of our Dalian manufacturing facility in the third quarter of 2012, charges of $20 million related to labor claims with respect to a previously closed facility in EMEA, discrete tax charges of $2 million, and $2 million of costs related to tornado damage in 2011 at a manufacturing facility. Net gains on asset sales were $10 million and related primarily to the sale of a minority interest in a retail business in EMEA and assets related to our bias truck tire business in Latin American Tire. The third quarter of 2012 included net rationalization charges of $22 million primarily related to SAG headcount reductions in EMEA, Asia Pacific Tire and North American Tire, asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation of $10 million primarily related to the closure of our Dalian manufacturing facility in the third quarter of 2012, a charge of $6 million related to a United Kingdom pension plan, and discrete tax charges of $3 million. Net gains on asset sales of $5 million were primarily related to the sale of property in North American Tire. Net insurance recoveries related to flooding in Thailand were $4 million. 117 Table of Contents The fourth quarter of 2012 &#32;included net rationalization charges of $84 million, due primarily to EMEA's announced closure of one of our facilities in Amiens, France, and asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $1 million. The quarter also included $9 million of charges related to discrete tax items, $6 million of charges and operating losses related to a strike in South Africa, and $5 million of charges related to labor claims with respect to a previously closed facility in EMEA. Net insurance recoveries related to flooding in Thailand were $6 million and net gains on asset sales were $2 million. Quarter (In millions, except per share amounts) First Second Third Fourth Year 2011 Net Sales $ 5,402 $ 5,620 $ 6,062 $ 5,683 $ 22,767 Gross Profit 941 1,048 1,089 868 3,946 Net Income 124 56 211 26 417 Less: Minority Shareholders'; Net Income 21 9 43 1 74 Goodyear Net Income 103 47 168 25 343 Less: Preferred Stock Dividends -- 7 7 7 22 Goodyear Net Income available to Common Shareholders $ 103 $ 40 $ 161 $ 18 $ 321 Goodyear Net Income Per Share: -- Basic $ 0.42 $ 0.16 $ 0.66 $ 0.07 $ 1.32 -- Diluted* $ 0.42 $ 0.16 $ 0.60 $ 0.07 $ 1.26 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding -- Basic 243 244 244 244 244 -- Diluted 246 247 281 247 271 Price Range of Common Stock:** High $ 15.71 $ 18.83 $ 18.25 $ 15.47 $ 18.83 Low 11.42 14.44 9.15 8.53 8.53 Selected Balance Sheet Items at Quarter-End: Total Assets $ 17,256 $ 17,642 $ 18,129 $ 17,629 Total Debt and Capital Leases 5,284 5,304 6,083 5,201 Goodyear Shareholders'; Equity 1,327 1,475 1,499 749 Total Shareholders'; Equity 1,616 1,759 1,775 1,017 _______________________________________ * Due to the anti-dilutive impact of potentially dilutive securities, the quarterly earnings per share amounts do not add to the full year. ** New York Stock Exchange --- Composite Transactions All numbers presented below are after-tax and minority. The first quarter of 2011 included net rationalization charges of $9 million and asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $9 million. The quarter also included discrete tax charges of $6 million. The second quarter of 2011 included net rationalization charges of $41 million, which included $32 million of charges related to the closure of Union City in July 2011, and asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $24 million. The quarter also included net charges of $53 million related to cash premiums paid and write-offs of deferred financing fees due to the early redemption of debt, $7 million of charges to increase tax reserves as a result of negative tax court rulings in a foreign jurisdiction and $3 million of charges related to tornado damage at our manufacturing facility in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Net gains on asset sales were $10 million for this quarter. The third quarter of 2011 included net rationalization charges of $23 million, which included $19 million of charges related to the closure of Union City in July 2011, and asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $12 million. The quarter also included discrete tax charges of $4 million. Net gains on asset sales were $5 million for this quarter. The fourth quarter of 2011 included net rationalization charges of $21 million and asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation charges of $3 million. The quarter also included charges of $16 million related to flooding in Thailand and net losses of $8 million on asset sales due primarily to the sale of previously closed manufacturing facilities in North American Tire. The fourth quarter also included discrete tax benefits of $60 million primarily related to the release of a valuation allowance on our Canadian operations. 118 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Management';s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain ";disclosure controls and procedures"; that, consistent with Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we define to mean controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission';s rules and forms, and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and financial officers, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2012 &#32;(the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management';s report on our internal control over financial reporting is presented on &#32;page 55 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP relating to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedules, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is presented on page 56 of th is Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We are undertaking a phased implementation of enterprise resource planning systems in our Latin American Tire SBU, which are expected to be completed in 2014. We believe we are maintaining and monitoring appropriate internal controls during the implementation period. There have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2012 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information required by this item about Goodyear';s executive officers is included in Part I, ";Item 1. Business"; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption ";Executive Officers of the Registrant."; All other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant';s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 15, 2013 to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A. Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics Goodyear has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees, known as the Business Conduct Manual. Goodyear also has adopted a conflict of interest policy applicable to directors and executive officers. Both of these documents are available on Goodyear';s website at http://www.goodyear.com/investor/investor_governance.html. Shareholders may request a free copy of these documents from: The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Attention: Investor Relations 1144 East Market Street Akron, Ohio 44316-0001 (330) 796-3751 Goodyear';s Code of Ethics for its Chief Executive Officer and its Senior Financial Officers (the ";Code of Ethics";) is also posted on Goodyear';s website. Amendments to and waivers of the Code of Ethics will be disclosed on the website. 119 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Guidelines and Certain Committee Charters Goodyear has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines as well as charters for its Audit, Compensation and Governance Committees. These documents are available on Goodyear';s website at http://www.goodyear.com/investor/investor_governance.html. Shareholders may request a free copy of any of these documents from the address and phone number set forth above under ";Code of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics."; The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in or considered to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant';s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant';s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant';s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant';s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. LIST OF DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT: 1. Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on p age 54 o f this Annual Report. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: See Index to Financial Statement Schedules attached to this Annual Report at page FS-1. The Financial Statement Schedules at pages FS-2 through FS-9 are incorporated into and made a part of this Annual Report. 3. Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: See the Index of Exhibits at pages X-1 through X-5 inclusive, which is attached to and incorporated into and made a part of this Annual Report. 120 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;(Registrant) Date: February 12, 2013 /s/ R ICHARD J. K RAMER Richard J. Kramer, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: February 12, 2013 /s/ R ICHARD J. K RAMER Richard J. Kramer, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 12, 2013 /s/ D ARREN R. W ELLS Darren R. Wells, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 12, 2013 /s/ R ICHARD J. N OECHEL Richard J. Noechel, Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) WILLIAM J. CONATY, Director JAMES A. FIRESTONE, Director WERNER GEISSLER, Director PETER S. HELLMAN, Director W. ALAN McCOLLOUGH, Director /s/ D ARREN R. W ELLS Date: February 12, 2013 RODERICK A. PALMORE, Director SHIRLEY D. PETERSON, Director STEPHANIE A. STREETER, Director THOMAS H. WEIDEMEYER, Director MICHAEL R. WESSEL, Director Darren R. Wells, Signing as Attorney-in-Fact for the Directors whose names appear opposite. 121 Table of Contents FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES ITEMS 8 AND 15(a)(2) OF FORM 10-K FOR THE COMPANY'S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 &#32; _______________________________________________________ INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule No. Page Number Condensed Financial Information of Registrant I FS-2 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts II FS-9 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. Financial statements relating to 50 percent or less owned companies, the investments in which are accounted for by the equity method, have been omitted as permitted because these companies would not constitute a significant subsidiary. FS-1 Table of Contents SCHEDULE I -- CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, (In millions, except per share amounts) 2012 2011 2010 Net Sales $ 8,898 $ 9,027 $ 7,648 Cost of Goods Sold 7,792 8,209 6,932 Selling, Administrative and General Expense 895 898 928 Rationalizations 38 70 163 Interest Expense 258 247 271 Other Income (152 ) (218 ) (88 ) Income (Loss) before Income Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries 67 (179 ) (558 ) United States and Foreign Taxes 23 37 -- Equity in Earnings of Subsidiaries 168 559 342 Net Income (Loss) 212 343 (216 ) Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 29 22 -- Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders $ 183 $ 321 $ (216 ) Net Income (Loss) available to Common Shareholders -- Per Share of Common Stock Basic $ 0.75 $ 1.32 $ (0.89 ) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 245 244 242 Diluted $ 0.74 $ 1.26 $ (0.89 ) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 247 271 242 Goodyear Comprehensive Loss $ (362 ) $ (378 ) $ (114 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. FS-2 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY PARENT COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (Dollars in millions, except share data) 2012 2011 Assets Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 802 $ 916 Accounts Receivable, less allowance -- $22 ($22 in 2011) 905 984 Inventories: Raw Materials 290 401 Work in Process 56 63 Finished Goods 917 1,115 1,263 1,579 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 64 53 Total Current Assets 3,034 3,532 Intangible Assets 110 110 Other Assets 240 226 Investments in Subsidiaries 3,986 4,067 Property, Plant and Equipment, less accumulated depreciation -- $4,084 ($4,016 in 2011) 2,260 2,129 Total Assets $ 9,630 $ 10,064 Liabilities Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable-Trade $ 779 $ 925 Accounts Payable to Affiliates 485 716 Compensation and Benefits 384 445 Other Current Liabilities 350 344 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases Due Within One Year 9 11 Total Current Liabilities 2,007 2,441 Long Term Debt and Capital Leases 3,462 3,271 Compensation and Benefits 2,941 2,793 Deferred and Other Noncurrent Income Taxes 41 32 Other Long Term Liabilities 809 778 Total Liabilities 9,260 9,315 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Shareholders'; Equity Preferred Stock, no par value: Authorized, 50 million shares, Outstanding shares -- 10 million (10 million in 2011) 500 500 Common Stock, no par value: Authorized, 450 million shares, Outstanding shares -- 245 million (245 million in 2011) 245 245 Capital Surplus 2,815 2,808 Retained Earnings 1,370 1,187 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (4,560 ) (3,991 ) Total Shareholders'; Equity 370 749 Total Liabilities and Shareholders'; Equity $ 9,630 $ 10,064 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. FS-3 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY Accumulated Preferred Stock Common Stock Other Total Capital Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' (Dollars in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Equity Balance at December 31, 2009 (after deducting 8,687,196 common treasury shares) 242,202,419 $ 242 $ 2,783 $ 1,082 $ (3,372 ) $ 735 Comprehensive income (loss): Net loss (216 ) (216 ) Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $1) 55 Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in net periodic benefit cost (net of tax of $6) 162 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $21) (178 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments and settlements (net of tax of $4) 60 Prior service cost from plan amendments (net of tax of $0) (1 ) Deferred derivative loss (net of tax of $0) (2 ) Unrealized investment gains (net of tax of $0) 6 Other comprehensive income (loss) 102 Total comprehensive income (loss) (114 ) Stock-based compensation plans 16 16 Common stock issued from treasury 736,530 1 6 7 Balance at December 31, 2010 (after deducting 7,950,743 common treasury shares) 242,938,949 $ 243 $ 2,805 $ 866 $ (3,270 ) $ 644 Balance at December 31, 2010 (after deducting 7,950,743 common treasury shares) -- $ -- 242,938,949 $ 243 $ 2,805 $ 866 $ (3,270 ) $ 644 Comprehensive income (loss): Net income 343 343 Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0) (140 ) Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $8) 157 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $28) (770 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements and divestitures (net of tax of $1) 18 Deferred derivative gain (net of tax of $1) 3 Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax of $2) 6 Unrealized investment gains (net of tax of $0) 5 Other comprehensive income (loss) (721 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) (378 ) Stock-based compensation plans 13 13 Preferred stock issued 10,000,000 500 (16 ) 484 Preferred stock dividends declared (22 ) (22 ) Common stock issued from treasury 1,596,892 2 6 8 Balance at December 31, 2011 (after deducting 6,353,851 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 244,535,841 $ 245 $ 2,808 $ 1,187 $ (3,991 ) $ 749 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. FS-4 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS'; EQUITY - (Continued) Accumulated Preferred Stock Common Stock Other Total Capital Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' (Dollars in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Surplus Earnings Loss Equity Balance at December 31, 2011 (after deducting 6,353,851 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 244,535,841 $ 245 $ 2,808 $ 1,187 $ (3,991 ) $ 749 Purchase of subsidiary shares from minority interest (13 ) 5 (8 ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income 212 212 Foreign currency translation (net of tax of $0) 51 Amortization of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses included in total benefit cost (net of tax of $9) 203 Increase in net actuarial losses (net of tax benefit of $44) (898 ) Immediate recognition of prior service cost and unrecognized gains and losses due to curtailments, settlements and divestitures (net of tax of $1) 9 Prior service credit from plan amendments (net of tax of $3) 72 Deferred derivative loss (net of tax of $0) (4 ) Reclassification adjustment for amounts recognized in income (net of tax benefit of $3) (7 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) (574 ) Total comprehensive income (loss) (362 ) Stock-based compensation plans 17 17 Preferred stock dividends declared (29 ) (29 ) Common stock issued from treasury 704,921 -- 3 3 Balance at December 31, 2012 (after deducting 5,648,930 common treasury shares) 10,000,000 $ 500 245,240,762 $ 245 $ 2,815 $ 1,370 $ (4,560 ) $ 370 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. FS-5 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Total Cash Flows from Operating Activities $ 335 $ 260 $ 278 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Capital expenditures (231 ) (210 ) (334 ) Asset dispositions 5 69 1 Capital contributions and loans (191 ) (14 ) -- Capital redemptions and loans 81 -- 16 Other transactions 5 (2 ) 26 Total Cash Flows from Investing Activities (331 ) (157 ) (291 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Short term debt and overdrafts incurred -- -- 3 Long term debt incurred 800 400 994 Long term debt paid (762 ) (750 ) (974 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock -- 484 -- Preferred stock dividends paid (29 ) (15 ) -- Common stock issued 3 8 1 Capital contributions and loans 150 (101 ) -- Capital redemptions and loans (200 ) -- -- Transactions with minority interests in subsidiaries (17 ) (3 ) -- Debt related costs and other transactions (63 ) (2 ) (21 ) Total Cash Flows from Financing Activities (118 ) 21 3 Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents (114 ) 124 (10 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year 916 792 802 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year $ 802 $ 916 $ 792 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. FS-6 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS LONG TERM DEBT AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS At December 31, 2012 , the Parent Company was a party to various long term financing facilities. Under the terms of these facilities, the Parent Company has pledged a significant portion of its assets as collateral. The collateral includes first and second priority security interests in current assets, certain property, plant and equipment, capital stock of certain subsidiaries, and other tangible and intangible assets. In addition, the facilities contain certain covenants that, among other things, limit the Parent Company';s ability to incur additional debt or issue redeemable preferred stock, make certain restricted payments or investments, incur liens, sell assets, incur restrictions on the ability of the Parent Company';s subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Parent Company, enter into affiliate transactions, engage in sale and leaseback transactions, and consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Parent Company';s assets. These covenants are subject to significant exceptions and qualifications. The primary credit facilities permit the Parent Company to pay dividends on its common stock as long as no default will have occurred and be continuing, additional indebtedness can be incurred by the Parent Company under the facilities following the dividend payment, and certain financial tests are satisfied. In addition, in the event that the availability under the Parent Company';s first lien revolving credit facility plus the aggregate amount of Available Cash is less than $200 million , the Parent Company will not be permitted to allow the ratio of EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense to be less than 2.0 &#32;to 1.0 for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. ";Available Cash,"; ";EBITDA"; and ";Consolidated Interest Expense"; have the meanings given them in the first lien revolving credit facility. As provided in the Parent Company';s second lien term loan facility, if the Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio (the ratio of Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness to EBITDA) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters is greater than 3.0 &#32;to 1.0, before the Parent Company may use cash proceeds from certain asset sales to repay any junior lien, senior unsecured or subordinated indebtedness, the Parent Company must first offer to prepay borrowings under the second lien term loan facility. ";Pro Forma Senior Secured Leverage Ratio,"; ";Consolidated Net Secured Indebtedness"; and ";EBITDA"; have the meanings given them in the second lien term loan facility. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 14 , Financing Arrangements and Derivative Financial Instruments. The first lien revolving credit facility has customary representations and warranties including, as a condition to borrowing, that all such representations and warranties are true and correct, in all material respects, on the date of the borrowing, including representations as to no material adverse change in financial condition since December 31, 2011. The facility also has customary defaults, including a cross-default to material indebtedness of the Parent Company and its subsidiaries. The annual aggregate maturities of long term debt and capital leases for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2012 &#32;are presented below. Maturities of debt credit agreements have been reported on the basis that the commitments to lend under these agreements will be terminated effective at the end of their current terms. (In millions) 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Debt maturities $ 9 $ 7 $ 4 $ 3 $ 2 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES At December 31, 2012 , the Parent Company had binding commitments for raw materials, capital expenditures, utilities and various other types of contracts. Total commitments on contracts that extend beyond the year 2013 &#32;are expected to total approximately $114 million . The Parent Company also has off-balance sheet financial guarantees written and other commitments totaling approximately $34 million . In addition, the Parent Company has other contractual commitments, the amounts of which cannot be estimated, pursuant to certain long term agreements under which the Parent Company will purchase varying amounts of certain raw materials and finished goods at agreed upon base prices that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in raw material costs and market price adjustments, or in quantities that may be subject to periodic adjustments for changes in the Parent Company's or its suppliers'; production levels. FS-7 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (Continued) At December 31, 2012 , the Parent Company had recorded costs related to a wide variety of contingencies. These contingencies included, among other things, environmental matters, workers'; compensation, general and product liability and other matters. For further information, refer to the Note to the Consolidated Financial Statements No. 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities. DIVIDENDS The Parent Company used the equity method of accounting for investments in consolidated subsidiaries during 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 . The following table presents cash dividends received during 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 : (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Consolidated subsidiaries $ 129 $ 172 $ 143 There were no stock dividends received from consolidated subsidiaries in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 . SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION The Parent Company made cash payments for interest, net of amounts capitalized in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;of $238 million , $235 million &#32;and $258 million , respectively. The Parent Company had net cash payments for income taxes in 2012 , 2011 &#32;and 2010 &#32;of $28 million , $47 million &#32;and $19 million , respectively. INTERCOMPANY TRANSACTIONS The following amounts included in the Parent Company Statements of Operations have been eliminated in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements: (In millions) 2012 2011 2010 Sales $ 1,050 $ 1,076 $ 1,129 Cost of Goods Sold 1,041 1,085 1,117 Interest Expense 24 19 11 Other Income (524 ) (547 ) (413 ) Income before Income Taxes $ 509 $ 519 $ 414 FS-8 Table of Contents SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS Year Ended December 31, (In millions) Additions Description Balance at beginning of period Charged (credited) to income Charged (credited) to AOCL Deductions from reserves Translation adjustment during period Balance at end of period 2012 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 97 $ 20 $ -- $ (20 ) (a) $ 2 $ 99 Valuation allowance -- deferred tax assets 3,132 60 191 (4 ) 14 3,393 2011 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 106 $ 14 $ -- $ (19 ) (a) $ (4 ) $ 97 Valuation allowance -- deferred tax assets 3,113 (92 ) 204 (82 ) (11 ) 3,132 2010 Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 110 $ 15 $ -- $ (16 ) (a) $ (3 ) $ 106 Valuation allowance -- deferred tax assets 3,056 112 (45 ) -- (10 ) 3,113 Note: (a) Accounts receivable charged off. FS-9 Table of Contents THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY Annual Report on Form 10-K For Year Ended December 31, 2012 &#32; INDEX OF EXHIBITS Exhibit Table Item No. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number 3 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws (a) Certificate of Amended Articles of Incorporation of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, dated December 20, 1954, Certificate of Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated April 6, 1993, Certificate of Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated June 4, 1996, Certificate of Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated April 20, 2006, Certificate of Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated April 22, 2009 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, File No. 1-1927), and Certificate of Amendment to Amended Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated March 30, 2011 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed March 31, 2011, File No. 1-1927), six documents together comprising the Company's Articles of Incorporation, as amended. (b) Code of Regulations of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, adopted November 22, 1955, and as most recently amended on October 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 11, 2011, File No. 1-1927). 4 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures (a) Specimen Nondenominational Certificate for Shares of the Common Stock, Without Par Value, of the Company (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 9, 2007, File No. 1-1927). (b) Indenture, dated as of March 15, 1996, between the Company and Chemical Bank (now Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.), as Trustee, as supplemented on March 16, 1998, in respect of the Company';s 7% Notes due 2028 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1998, File No. 1-1927). (c) Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1999, between the Company and The Chase Manhattan Bank (now Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2000, File No. 1-1927), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of March 5, 2010, in respect of the Company';s 8.75% Notes due 2020 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 8, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (d) Indenture, dated as of August 13, 2010, among the Company, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 13, 2010, File No. 1-1927), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of August 13, 2010, in respect of the Company';s 8.25% Senior Notes due 2020 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 13, 2010, File No. 1-1927), and as supplemented by the Second Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of February 28, 2012, in respect of the Company's 7% Senior Notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (e) Indenture, dated as of April 20, 2011, among Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V., as Issuer, the Company, as Parent Guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (now Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch), as Trustee, Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., as Registrar, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, and The Bank of New York Mellon (Luxembourg), S.A., as Luxembourg Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, in respect of GDTE's 6.75% Senior Notes due 2019 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, File No. 1-1927). In accordance with Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long term debt of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries pursuant to which the total amount of securities authorized thereunder does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis are not filed herewith. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. X-1 Table of Contents Exhibit Table Item No. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number 10 Material Contracts (a) Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2012, among the Company, the lenders, issuing banks, syndication agents, documentation agents, senior managing agents, managing agents, joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (b) Amended and Restated Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2012, among the Company, the lenders, syndication agents, documentation agents, joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners party thereto, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (c) First Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2005, among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company identified therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, File No. 1-1927). (d) Reaffirmation of First Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2012, among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company identified therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (e) Second Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2005, among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company identified therein and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, File No. 1-1927). (f) Reaffirmation of Second Lien Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2012, among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company identified therein, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (g) Amended and Restated Lenders Lien Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2012, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent for the First Lien Secured Parties referred to therein, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Collateral Agent for the Second Lien Secured Parties referred to therein, the Company, and the subsidiaries of the Company named therein (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, File No. 1-1927). (h) Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2011, among the Company, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V., Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Operations S.A., the lenders party thereto, J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, BNP Paribas, as Syndication Agent, and the Mandated Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners identified therein (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, File No. 1-1927). (i) Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2011, among the Company, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V., Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Operations S.A., J.P. Morgan Europe Limited, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent, BNP Paribas, as Issuing Bank, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-1927) . (j) Master Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2003, as Amended and Restated as of February 20, 2004, and as further Amended and Restated as of April 8, 2005, among the Company, Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe B.V., the other subsidiaries of the Company identified therein and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2005, File No. 1-1927), as amended by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2007 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, File No. 1-1927), and as amended by the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2011(incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, File No. 1-1927). X-2 Table of Contents Exhibit Table Item No. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number (k) Amended and Restated General Master Purchase Agreement dated December 10, 2004, as amended and restated on May 23, 2005, August 26, 2005 and July 23, 2008, between Ester Finance Titrisation, as Purchaser, Eurofactor, as Agent, Calyon, as Joint Lead Arranger and as Calculation Agent, Natixis, as Joint Lead Arranger, Dunlop Tyres Limited, as Centralising Unit, the Sellers listed therein and Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (l) Letter Amendment dated April 29, 2009 to the Amended and Restated General Master Purchase Agreement dated December 10, 2004, as amended and restated on May 23, 2005, August 26, 2005 and July 23, 2008, between Ester Finance Titrisation, as Purchaser, Eurofactor, as Agent, Calyon, as Joint Lead Arranger and as Calculation Agent, Natixis, as Joint Lead Arranger, Dunlop Tyres Limited, as Centralising Unit, the Sellers listed therein and Goodyear Dunlop Tires Germany GmbH (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, File No. 1-1927). (m) Master Subordinated Deposit Agreement dated July 23, 2008, between Eurofactor, as Agent, Calyon, as Calculation Agent, Ester Finance Titrisation, as Purchaser, and Dunlop Tyres Limited, as Subordinated Depositor or Centralising Unit (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (n) Master Complementary Deposit Agreement dated July 23, 2008, between Eurofactor, as Agent, Calyon, as Calculation Agent, Ester Finance Titrisation, as Purchaser, and Dunlop Tyres Limited, as Complementary Depositor or Centralising Unit (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (o) Umbrella Agreement, dated as of June 14, 1999, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999, File No. 1-1927). (p) Amendment No. 1 to the Umbrella Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2003, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002, File No. 1-1927). (q) Amendment No. 2 to the Umbrella Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2003, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, File No. 1-1927). (r) Amendment No. 3 to the Umbrella Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2004, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, File No. 1-1927). (s) Amendment No. 4 to the Umbrella Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2008, among the Company, Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. and their respective affiliates named therein (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, File No. 1-1927). (t) Joint Venture Agreement for Europe, dated as of June 14, 1999, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated as of September 1, 1999, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. and Sumitomo Rubber Europe B.V. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1999, File No. 1-1927). (u) Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC, dated as of June 14, 1999, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1999, File No. 1-1927). (v) Amendment No. 1 to the Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC, dated April 21, 2000, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, File No. 1-1927). X-3 Table of Contents Exhibit Table Item No. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number (w) Amendment No. 2 to the Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC, dated July 15, 2004, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, File No. 1-1927). (x) Amendment No. 3 to the Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC, dated August 30, 2005, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Registration Statement on Form S-4, File No. 333-128932). (y) Memorandum of Agreement (Amendment No. 4 to the Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC), dated April 26, 2007, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007, File No. 1-1927). (z) Amendment No. 5 to the Shareholders Agreement for the Europe JVC, dated as of July 1, 2009, among the Company, Goodyear S.A., a French corporation, Goodyear S.A., a Luxembourg corporation, Goodyear Canada Inc., and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, File No. 1-1927). (aa) Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2003, between the Company and Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd., amending certain provisions of the alliance agreements (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, File No. 1-1927). (bb)* 2008 Performance Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (cc)* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (dd)* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option with Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (ee)* Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (ff)* Form of Performance Share Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, File No. 1-1927). (gg)* Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (hh)* Form of Cash Performance Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, File No. 1-1927). (ii)* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (jj)* 2005 Performance Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (kk)* 2002 Performance Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, File No. 1-1927). (ll)* Performance Recognition Plan of the Company, as amended and restated on October 7, 2008 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (mm)* The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed April 11, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (nn)* Executive Performance Plan of the Company effective January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). X-4 Table of Contents Exhibit Table Item No. Description of Exhibit Exhibit Number (oo)* Form of Grant Agreement for Executive Performance Plan (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009, File No. 1-1927). (pp)* Goodyear Supplementary Pension Plan (October 7, 2008 Restatement) (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (qq)* Defined Benefit Excess Benefit Plan of the Company, as amended and restated as of October 7, 2008, effective as of January 1, 2005 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (rr)* Defined Contribution Excess Benefit Plan of the Company, adopted October 7, 2008, effective as of January 1, 2005, as further amended September 7, 2012. 10.1 (ss)* Deferred Compensation Plan for Executives, as amended and restated as of October 7, 2008 (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 1-1927). (tt)* First Amendment to the Deferred Compensation Plan for Executives, dated as of December 20, 2012. 10.2 (uu)* Outside Directors'; Equity Participation Plan, as adopted February 2, 1996 and last amended as of October 2, 2012. 10.3 (vv)* Continuity Plan for Salaried Employees, as amended and restated effective April 10, 2007, as further amended on December 20, 2012. 10.4 (ww)* The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company';s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 11, 2010, File No. 1-1927). 12 Statement re Computation of Ratios (a) Statement setting forth the Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Dividends. 12.1 21 Subsidiaries (a) List of Subsidiaries of the Company at December 31, 2012. 21.1 23 Consents (a) Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 23.1 24 Powers of Attorney (a) Powers of Attorney of Officers and Directors signing this report. 24.1 31 302 Certifications (a) Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.1 (b) Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 32 906 Certifications (a) Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 101 Interactive Data File (a) The following materials from the Company';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders'; Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 101 _______________________________________ * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement X-5 

