 
 10-K
 1
 epdform_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

 epdform_10k.htm 

 UNITED
STATES 
 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington,
D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM
10-K 
 
 &#254; ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 
 
 OR 
 o TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the
transition period from ___ to ___. 
 
 Commission
file number: 1-14323 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 ( Exact name of Registrant as
Specified in Its Charter) 

 Delaware 

 76-0568219 

 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 

 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

 Incorporation
 or Organization) 

 1100
 Louisiana Street, 10 th 
 Floor, Houston, Texas 
 
 77002 

 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

 (713)
 381-6500 

 (Registrant's
 Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of Each
 Class 

 Name of Each Exchange
 On Which Registered 

 Common
 Units 

 New
 York Stock Exchange 

 Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act : None. 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes &#254; No
 o 
 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes o No
 &#254; 
 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be
filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. 
 Yes
 &#254; No
 o 
 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on
its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). 
 Yes &#254; No
 o 
 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of
Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant';s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. o 
 
 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of ";large accelerated filer,"; ";accelerated
filer"; and ";smaller reporting company"; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

 Large
 accelerated filer &#254; 

 Accelerated
 filer o 

 Non-accelerated
 filer o 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

 Smaller
 reporting company o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No
 &#254; 
 
 The
aggregate market value of Enterprise Products Partners L.P.';s (or ";EPD';s";)
common units held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2009 was approximately $7.51
billion based on the closing price of such equity securities in the daily
composite list for transactions on the New York Stock Exchange. This
figure excludes common units beneficially owned by certain affiliates, including
Dan L. Duncan. There were 618,813,932 common units of EPD (including
2,684,614 restricted common units) and 4,520,431 Class B units (which generally
vote together with the common units) outstanding at February 1,
2010. 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Number 

 PART I 

 Items 1 and 2. 

 Business and Properties. 

 4 

 Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors. 

 42 

 Item 1B. 

 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

 65 

 Item 3. 

 Legal Proceedings. 

 65 

 Item 4. 

 [Reserved] 

 66 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 

 Market for Registrant';s Common Equity, Related
 Unitholder 
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
 Securities. 

 66 

 Item 6. 

 Selected Financial Data. 

 68 

 Item 7. 

 Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and 
 Results of Operations. 

 69 

 Item 7A. 

 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk. 

 102 

 Item 8. 

 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data. 

 104 

 Item 9. 

 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and 
 Financial Disclosure. 

 104 

 Item 9A. 

 Controls and Procedures. 

 105 

 Item 9B. 

 Other Information. 

 108 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 

 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance. 

 108 

 Item 11. 

 Executive Compensation. 

 115 

 Item 12. 

 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management 
 and Related Unitholder Matters. 

 126 

 Item 13. 

 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence. 

 130 

 Item 14. 

 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

 134 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 

 Exhibits and Financial Statement
 Schedules. 

 135 

 Signatures 

 147 

 2 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNIFICANT
RELATIONSHIPS REFERENCED IN THIS 
 ANNUAL
REPORT 
 
 Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to ";we,"; ";us,"; ";our,"; or ";Enterprise
Products Partners"; are intended to mean the business and operations of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 
 
 References to ";EPO"; mean Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprise
Products Partners through which Enterprise Products Partners conducts
substantially all of its business, and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 
 
 References
to ";EPGP"; mean Enterprise Products GP, LLC, which is our general
partner. 
 
 References
to ";Duncan Energy Partners"; mean Duncan Energy Partners L.P., which is a
consolidated subsidiary of EPO. Duncan Energy Partners is a publicly
traded Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (";NYSE";) under the ticker symbol
";DEP."; References to ";DEP GP"; mean DEP Holdings, LLC, which is the
general partner of Duncan Energy Partners and is wholly owned by
EPO. 
 
 References to ";Enterprise GP Holdings";
mean Enterprise GP Holdings L.P., a publicly traded Delaware limited
partnership, the units of which are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol
";EPE."; Enterprise GP Holdings owns EPGP. The general
partner of Enterprise GP Holdings is EPE Holdings, LLC (";EPE Holdings";), a
wholly owned subsidiary of Dan Duncan LLC, all of the membership interests of
which are owned by Dan L. Duncan. 
 
 References
to ";TEPPCO"; and ";TEPPCO GP"; mean TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and Texas Eastern
Products Pipeline Company, LLC (which is the general partner of TEPPCO),
respectively, prior to their mergers with our subsidiaries. On
October 26, 2009, we completed the mergers with TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP (such
related mergers referred to herein individually and together as the ";TEPPCO
Merger";). 
 
 References
to ";Energy Transfer Equity"; mean the business and operations of Energy Transfer
Equity, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which include Energy Transfer
Partners, L.P. (";ETP";). Energy Transfer Equity is a publicly traded
Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the NYSE
under the ticker symbol ";ETE."; ETP is a publicly traded Delaware
limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the NYSE under the
ticker symbol ";ETP."; The general partner of Energy Transfer Equity is
LE GP, LLC (";LE GP";). 
 
 References
to ";EPCO"; mean Enterprise Products Company (formerly EPCO, Inc.) and its
privately held affiliates. We, EPO, Duncan Energy Partners, DEP GP,
EPGP, Enterprise GP Holdings and EPE Holdings are affiliates under the common
control of Dan L. Duncan, the Group Co-Chairman and controlling shareholder of
EPCO. 
 
 References
to ";Employee Partnerships"; mean EPE Unit L.P. (";EPE Unit I";), EPE Unit II, L.P.
(";EPE Unit II";), EPE Unit III, L.P. (";EPE Unit III";), Enterprise Unit L.P.
(";Enterprise Unit";) and EPCO Unit L.P. (";EPCO Unit";), collectively, all of which
are privately held affiliates of EPCO. 
 
 CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 
 This
annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 (";annual
report";) contains various forward-looking statements and information that are
based on our beliefs and those of our general partner, as well as assumptions
made by us and information currently available to us. When used in
this document, words such as ";anticipate,"; ";project,"; ";expect,"; ";plan,"; ";seek,";
";goal,"; ";estimate,"; ";forecast,"; ";intend,"; ";could,"; ";should,"; ";will,"; ";believe,";
";may,"; ";potential"; and similar expressions and statements regarding our plans
and objectives for future operations, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Although we and our general partner believe that such
expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable,
neither we nor our general partner can give any assurances 

 3 

 Table of Contents 

 that
such expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements are
subject to a variety of risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described in
more detail in Item 1A of this annual report. If one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated,
estimated, projected or expected. You should not put undue reliance
on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in
this annual report speak only as of the date hereof. Except as
required by federal and state securities laws, we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or any other reason. 

 PART I 
 
 Items 1 and 2. Business and
Properties . 
 
 General 
 
 We are a
North American midstream energy company providing a wide range of services to
producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (";NGLs";), crude oil,
refined products and certain petrochemicals. In addition, we are an
industry leader in the development of pipeline and other midstream energy
infrastructure in the continental United States and Gulf of
Mexico. We conduct substantially all of our business through
EPO. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Louisiana
Street, 10 th 
Floor, Houston, Texas 77002, our telephone number is (713) 381-6500 and our
website address is www.epplp.com . 
 
 We are a
publicly traded Delaware limited partnership formed in 1998, the common units of
which are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ";EPD."; We are
owned 98% by our limited partners and 2% by our general partner,
EPGP. Our general partner is wholly owned by a publicly traded
affiliate, Enterprise GP Holdings, the units of which are listed on the NYSE
under the ticker symbol ";EPE."; 
 
 Business
Strategy 
 
 We operate an integrated network of
midstream energy assets. Our business strategies are to: 

 &#167; 

 capitalize
 on expected development in natural gas, NGL and crude oil production
 resulting from development activities in the Rocky Mountains,
 Midcontinent, Northeast and U.S. Gulf Coast regions, including the Barnett
 Shale, Haynesville Shale, Eagle Ford Shale, Marcellus Shale and deepwater
 Gulf of Mexico producing regions; 

 &#167; 

 capitalize
 on expected demand growth for natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and refined and
 petrochemical products; 

 &#167; 

 maintain
 a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and expand this asset
 base through growth capital projects and accretive acquisitions of
 complementary midstream energy
assets; 

 &#167; 

 share
 capital costs and risks through joint ventures or alliances with strategic
 partners, including those that will provide the raw materials for these
 growth capital projects or purchase the projects'; end products;
 and 

 &#167; 

 enhance
 the stability of our cash flows by investing in pipelines and other
 fee-based businesses. 

 As noted above, part of our business
strategy involves expansion through growth capital projects. We
expect that these projects will enhance our existing asset base and provide us
with additional growth opportunities in the future. For information
regarding our growth capital projects, see ";Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8211;
Capital Spending"; included under Item 7 of this annual report. 

 4 

 Table of Contents 

 Financial
Information by Business Segment 
 
 For
detailed financial information regarding our business segments, see Note 14 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. Such financial information is incorporated by
reference into this Item 1 and 2 discussion. 
 
 Significant
Recent Developments 
 
 On October 26, 2009, the related
mergers of our wholly owned subsidiaries with TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were
completed (collectively, we refer to these transactions as the ";TEPPCO
Merger";). Under terms of the merger agreements, TEPPCO
and TEPPCO GP became wholly owned subsidiaries of ours, and each of TEPPCO';s
unitholders, except for a privately held affiliate of EPCO, were entitled to
receive 1.24 of our common units for each TEPPCO unit. In total, we
issued an aggregate of 126,932,318 common units and 4,520,431 Class B units in
connection with the TEPPCO Merger as consideration for both the TEPPCO units and
TEPPCO GP membership interests. TEPPCO';s units, which had been
trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ";TPP,"; have been delisted and are no
longer publicly traded. On October 27, 2009, our TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP
equity interests were contributed to EPO, and TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP became wholly
owned subsidiaries of EPO. 
 
 For
additional information regarding the TEPPCO Merger and other developments during
2009, see ";Significant Recent Developments"; included under Item 7 of this annual
report, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 1 and 2
discussion. 
 
 Basis
of Presentation 
 
 See Note
1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of
this annual report for information regarding the basis for presentation of our
general purpose financial statements. Such information is
incorporated by reference into this Item 1 and 2 discussion. 
 
 Segment
Discussion 
 
 Our
midstream energy asset network links producers of natural gas, NGLs and crude
oil from some of the largest supply basins in the United States, Canada and the
Gulf of Mexico with domestic consumers and international markets. We
have five reportable business segments: 

 &#167; 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services; 

 &#167; 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines &
Services; 

 &#167; 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; 

 &#167; 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services; and 

 &#167; 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services. 

 Our business segments are generally
organized and managed according to the type of services rendered (or
technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold. 
 
 The
following sections present an overview of our business segments, including
information regarding the principal products produced, services rendered,
properties owned, seasonality and competition. Our results of
operations and financial condition are subject to a variety of
risks. For information regarding our risk factors, see Item 1A of
this annual report. 
 
 Our business activities are subject to
various federal, state and local laws and regulations governing a wide variety
of topics, including commercial, operational, environmental, safety and
other 

 5 

 Table of Contents 

 matters. For
a discussion of the principal effects such laws and regulations have on our
business, see ";Regulation"; and ";Environmental and Safety Matters"; included
within this Item 1 and 2. 
 
 Our
consolidated revenues are derived from a wide customer base. During
2009, our largest non-affiliated customer based on revenues was Shell Oil
Company and its affiliates (";Shell";), which accounted for 9.8% of our
revenues. During 2008 and 2007, our largest non-affiliated customer
based on revenues was Valero Energy Corporation and its affiliates (";Valero";),
which accounted for 11.2% and 8.9%, respectively, of our revenues. 
 
 As
generally used in the energy industry and in this document, the identified terms
have the following meanings: 

 / d 

 =
 per day 

 BBtus 

 =
 billion British thermal units 

 Bcf 

 =
 billion cubic feet 

 Lbs 

 =
 pounds 

 MBPD 

 =
 thousand barrels per day 

 MBbls 

 =
 thousand barrels 

 MMBbls 

 =
 million barrels 

 MMBtus 

 =
 million British thermal units 

 MMcf 

 =
 million cubic feet 

 For information regarding our results
of operations, including significant measures of historical throughput,
production and processing rates, see Item 7 of this annual report. In
addition, certain of our operations entail the use of derivative
instruments. For information regarding our use of commodity
derivative instruments, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report. 
 
 NGL
Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our NGL
Pipelines & Services business segment includes our (i) natural gas
processing business and related NGL marketing activities; (ii) NGL pipelines
aggregating approximately 16,300 miles; (iii) NGL and related product storage
and terminal facilities with 163.4 MMBbls of working storage capacity and (iv)
NGL fractionation facilities. This segment also includes our import
and export terminal operations. 
 
 NGL
products (ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline) are
used as raw materials by the petrochemical industry, as feedstocks by refiners
in the production of motor gasoline and by industrial and residential users as
fuel. Ethane is primarily used in the petrochemical industry as a
feedstock for ethylene production, one of the basic building blocks for a wide
range of plastics and other chemical products. Propane is used both
as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and propylene and as
a heating, engine and industrial fuel. Normal butane is used as a
petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and butadiene (a key
ingredient of synthetic rubber), as a blendstock for motor gasoline and to
produce isobutane through isomerization. Isobutane is fractionated
from mixed butane (a mixed stream of normal butane and isobutane) or produced
from normal butane through the process of isomerization, and is used in refinery
alkylation to enhance the octane content of motor gasoline, in the production of
isooctane and other octane additives and in the production of propylene
oxide. Natural gasoline, a mixture of pentanes and heavier
hydrocarbons, is primarily used as a blendstock for motor gasoline or as a
petrochemical feedstock. 
 
 Natural
gas processing and related NGL marketing activities . At the
core of our natural gas processing business are 25 processing plants located
across Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas and
Wyoming. Natural gas produced at the wellhead (especially in
association with crude oil) contains varying amounts of NGLs. This
rich natural gas in its raw form is usually not acceptable for transportation in
the nation';s natural gas pipeline systems or for commercial use as a
fuel. Natural gas processing plants remove NGLs from the natural gas
stream, which enables the natural gas to meet pipeline and commercial quality
specifications. In addition, on an energy equivalent basis, NGLs
generally have a 

 6 

 Table of Contents 

 greater
economic value as a raw material for petrochemical and motor gasoline production
than their value as components of a natural gas stream. After
extraction by the processing plants, we typically transport the mixed NGLs to a
centralized facility for fractionation into purity NGL products such as ethane,
propane, normal butane, isobutane and natural gasoline. The purity
NGL products can then be used in our NGL marketing activities to meet
contractual requirements or sold on spot and forward markets. 
 
 When
operating and extraction costs of natural gas processing plants are higher than
the incremental value of the NGL products that would be extracted, the recovery
levels of certain NGL products, principally ethane, may be reduced or
eliminated. This leads to a reduction in NGL volumes available for
transportation and fractionation. 
 
 In our natural gas processing business,
we enter into percent-of-liquids contracts, percent-of-proceeds contracts,
fee-based contracts, hybrid contracts (a combination of percent-of-liquids and
fee-based contract terms), keepwhole contracts and margin-band
contracts. Under keepwhole and margin-band contracts, we take
ownership of mixed NGLs extracted from the producer';s natural gas stream and
recognize revenue when the extracted NGLs are delivered and sold to customers on
NGL marketing sales contracts. In the same way, revenue is recognized
under our percent-of-liquids contracts except that the volume of NGLs we extract
and sell is less than the total amount of NGLs extracted from the producers';
natural gas. Under a percent-of-liquids contract, the producer
retains title to a percentage of the mixed NGLs we extract and generally bears
the cost of natural gas associated with shrinkage and plant
fuel. Under a percent-of-proceeds contract, we share in the proceeds
generated from the sale of the mixed NGLs we extract on the producer';s
behalf. If a cash fee for natural gas processing services is
stipulated by the contract, we record revenue when the natural gas has been
processed and delivered to the producer. The NGL volumes we earn and
take title to in connection with our processing activities are referred to as
our equity NGL production. 
 
 In
general, our percent-of-liquids, hybrid and keepwhole contracts give us the
right (but not the obligation) to process natural gas for a producer; thus, we
are protected from processing natural gas at an economic loss during times when
the sum of our costs exceeds the value of the mixed NGLs in which we would take
ownership. Generally, our natural gas processing agreements have
terms ranging from month-to-month to life of the producing
lease. Intermediate terms of one to ten years are also
common. 
 
 To the
extent that we are obligated under our keepwhole and margin-band gas processing
contracts to compensate the producer for the natural gas equivalent energy value
of mixed NGLs we extract from the natural gas stream, we are exposed to various
risks, primarily commodity price fluctuations. However, our margin
band contracts typically contain terms which limit our exposure to such
risks. The prices of natural gas and NGLs are subject to fluctuations
in response to changes in supply and demand and a variety of additional factors
that are beyond our control. Periodically, we attempt to mitigate
these risks through the use of commodity derivative instruments. 
 
 Our NGL marketing activities generate
revenues from the sale and delivery of NGLs obtained through our processing
activities and spot and contract purchases from third parties. These
sales contracts may also include forward product sales contracts. In
general, sales prices referenced in the contracts utilized within our NGL
marketing activities are market-based and may include pricing differentials for
such factors as delivery location. The majority of our consolidated
revenues and costs and expenses are generated from marketing activities,
including those associated with NGLs. Changes in our consolidated
revenues and operating costs and expenses period-to-period are explained in part
by changes in market prices for the products we sell. The results of
operations from our NGL marketing activities are generally dependent upon the
volume of products sold and the sales prices charged to
customers. The volume of products sold may fluctuate from
period-to-period depending on market conditions, volumes produced and
opportunities, which may be influenced by current and forward market prices for
purity NGL products and our hedging activities. 
 
 Our NGL
marketing activities include production and purchases of inventories of mixed
NGLs and purity NGL products. As a result of exceptional energy
market conditions during 2009, we significantly increased our physical NGL
inventory purchases and related forward physical sales 

 7 

 Table of Contents 

 commitments. In
general, the significant increase in volumes dedicated to forward physical sales
contracts improves the overall utilization and profitability of our fee-based
assets. Our inventories of ethane, propane and normal butane are
typically at higher levels from March through November since these products are
normally in higher demand and at higher price levels during the winter
months. Isobutane and natural gasoline inventories are generally
stable and less cyclical throughout the year. Generally, our
inventory cycle begins in late-February to mid-March (the seasonal low point),
building through September, and remaining level until early December before
being drawn down through winter until the seasonal low is reached
again. 
 
 For
additional information regarding our inventories and consolidated segment
revenues and expenses, see Notes 7 and 14, respectively, of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 
 
 NGL
pipelines, storage facilities and import/export terminals . Our NGL
pipelines transport mixed NGLs and other hydrocarbons from natural gas
processing facilities, refineries and import terminals to fractionation plants
and storage facilities; distribute and collect purity NGL products to and from
fractionation plants, petrochemical plants and refineries; and deliver propane
to customers along the Dixie Pipeline and certain sections of the Mid-America
Pipeline System. Revenues from our NGL pipeline transportation
agreements are generally based upon a fixed fee per gallon of liquids
transported multiplied by the volume delivered. Accordingly, the
results of operations for this business are generally dependent upon the volume
of product transported and the level of fees charged to customers (including
those charged internally, which are eliminated in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements). The transportation fees charged
under these arrangements are either contractual or regulated by governmental
agencies, including the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(";FERC";). Excluding inventories held in connection with our marketing
activities, we typically do not take title to the products transported by our
NGL pipelines; rather, the shipper retains title and the associated commodity
price risk. However, we occasionally act as shipper for certain
volumes being transported. 
 
 Our NGL and related product storage
facilities are integral parts of our operations used for the storage of products
owned by us and our customers. In general, our underground salt dome
storage caverns (or wells) are used to store mixed NGLs, purity NGL products and
petrochemical products. We collect storage revenues under our NGL and
related product storage contracts based on the number of days a customer has
volumes in storage multiplied by a storage rate (as defined in each
contract). With respect to capacity reservation agreements, we
collect a fee for reserving storage capacity for certain customers in our
underground storage wells. The customers pay reservation fees based
on the level of storage capacity reserved rather than the actual volumes
stored. When a customer exceeds its reserved capacity, we charge
those customers an excess storage fee. In addition, we charge other
customers throughput fees based on volumes delivered into and subsequently
withdrawn from storage. Accordingly, the profitability of our storage
operations is dependent upon the level of storage capacity reserved by
customers, the volume of product delivered into and withdrawn from the
underground caverns and the level of throughput fees charged. 
 
 We
operate NGL import and export facilities located on the Houston Ship Channel in
southeast Texas and an NGL terminal in Providence, Rhode Island with ship
unloading capabilities. Our NGL import facility is primarily used to
offload volumes for delivery to our storage and fractionation facilities located
in Mont Belvieu, Texas. Our NGL export facility is used for loading
refrigerated marine tankers for customers. Revenues from our terminal
services are primarily based on fees per unit of volume loaded or unloaded and
may also include demand payments if terminaling contracts are
cancelled. Accordingly, the profitability of our NGL terminal
activities primarily depends on the available quantities of NGLs to be loaded
and offloaded and the fees we charge for these services. 
 
 NGL
fractionation .
 We own or have interests in 11 NGL fractionation facilities located in
Texas, Louisiana, Colorado and Ohio. NGL fractionation facilities
separate mixed NGL streams into purity NGL products. The primary
sources of mixed NGLs fractionated in the United States are domestic natural gas
processing plants and crude oil refineries and imports of butane and propane
mixtures. Mixed NGLs 

 8 

 Table of Contents 

 sourced
from domestic natural gas processing plants and crude oil refineries are
typically transported by NGL pipelines and, to a lesser extent, by railcar and
truck to NGL fractionation facilities. 
 
 Mixed
NGLs extracted by domestic natural gas processing plants represent the largest
source of volumes processed by our NGL fractionators. Based upon
industry data, we believe that sufficient volumes of mixed NGLs, especially
those originating from Gulf Coast, Rocky Mountain and Midcontinent natural gas
processing plants, will be available for fractionation in commercially viable
quantities for the foreseeable future. Significant volumes of mixed
NGLs are contractually committed to be processed by our NGL fractionation
facilities by joint owners and third-party customers. 
 
 Our NGL fractionation facilities
process mixed NGL streams for third-party customers and support our NGL
marketing activities. We typically earn revenues from NGL
fractionation under fee-based arrangements. These fees (usually
stated in cents per gallon) are contractually subject to adjustment for changes
in certain fractionation expenses, including natural gas fuel
costs. At our Norco facility in Louisiana, we perform fractionation
services for certain customers under percent-of-liquids
contracts. The results of operations of our NGL fractionation
business are generally dependent upon the volume of mixed NGLs fractionated and
either the level of fractionation fees charged (under fee-based contracts) or
the value of NGLs received (under percent-of-liquids
arrangements). Our fee-based fractionation customers retain title to
the NGLs that we process for them. To the extent we fractionate
volumes for customers under percent-of-liquids contracts, we are exposed to
fluctuations in NGL prices (i.e., commodity price
risk). Periodically, we attempt to mitigate these risks through the
use of commodity derivative instruments such as forward sales
contracts. 
 
 Seasonality . Our natural gas processing
and NGL fractionation operations typically exhibit little to no seasonal
variation. NGL pipeline transportation volumes are generally higher
from October through March due to higher demand for propane (for residential
heating) and normal butane (for blending into motor gasoline). With
respect to our NGL and related product storage facilities, we usually experience
an increase in demand for storage services during the spring and summer months
due to increased feedstock storage requirements for motor gasoline production
and a decrease during the fall and winter months when propane inventories are
being drawn down for heating needs. Likewise, the revenues we
recognize from NGL marketing activities are predicated on the overall demand for
such products, which may fluctuate due to seasonal needs for gasoline blending
feedstocks, heating requirements and similar factors. In general, our
import volumes peak during the spring and summer months and our export volumes
are typically at their highest levels during the winter
months. Lastly, our facilities located along the Gulf Coast of the
United States may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical
storms, which generally arise during the summer and fall months. 
 
 Competition . Within
their respective market areas, our natural gas processing business activities
and related NGL marketing activities encounter competition from fully integrated
oil companies, intrastate pipeline companies, major interstate pipeline
companies and their non-regulated affiliates, financial institutions with
trading platforms and independent processors. Each of our marketing
competitors has varying levels of financial and personnel resources, and
competition generally revolves around price, quality of customer service and
proximity to customers and other market hubs. In the markets served
by our NGL pipelines, we compete with a number of intrastate and interstate
pipeline companies (including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and
gas companies) and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In
general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of
transportation fees and quality of customer service. 
 
 Our
primary competitors in the NGL and related product storage businesses are
integrated major oil companies, chemical companies and other storage and
pipeline companies. We compete with other storage service providers
primarily in terms of the fees charged, number of pipeline connections provided
and operational dependability. Our import and export operations
compete with those operated by major oil and chemical companies primarily in
terms of loading and offloading throughput capacity. 
 
 We
compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Texas, Louisiana and
Kansas. Competition for such services is primarily based on the
fractionation fee charged. However, the ability of an
NGL 

 9 

 Table of Contents 

 fractionator
to receive a customer';s mixed NGLs and store and distribute its purity NGL
products is also an important competitive factor and is a function of having the
necessary pipeline and storage infrastructure. 
 
 Properties . The following table
summarizes the significant natural gas processing assets included in our NGL
Pipelines & Services business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Net
 Gas 

 Total
 Gas 

 Our 

 Processing 

 Processing 

 Ownership 

 Capacity 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (Bcf/d)
 (1) 

 (Bcf/d) 

 Natural
 gas processing facilities: 

 Meeker
 (2) 

 Colorado 

 100% 

 1.70 

 1.70 

 Pioneer 

 Wyoming 

 100% 

 1.35 

 1.35 

 Toca 

 Louisiana 

 67.4% 

 0.70 

 1.10 

 Chaco 

 New
 Mexico 

 100% 

 0.65 

 0.65 

 North
 Terrebonne 

 Louisiana 

 56.4% 

 0.73 

 1.30 

 Calumet 

 Louisiana 

 35.4% 

 0.57 

 1.60 

 Neptune 

 Louisiana 

 66% 

 0.43 

 0.65 

 Pascagoula 

 Mississippi 

 40% 

 0.40 

 1.50 

 Yscloskey 

 Louisiana 

 13.9% 

 0.26 

 1.85 

 Thompsonville 

 Texas 

 100% 

 0.33 

 0.33 

 Shoup 

 Texas 

 100% 

 0.29 

 0.29 

 Gilmore 

 Texas 

 100% 

 0.25 

 0.25 

 Armstrong 

 Texas 

 100% 

 0.25 

 0.25 

 Others
 (11 facilities) (3) 

 Texas,
 New Mexico, Louisiana 

 Various
 (4) 

 1.27 

 2.93 

 Total
 processing capacities 

 9.18 

 15.75 

 (1)
 The
 approximate net gas processing capacity does not necessarily correspond to
 our ownership interest in each facility. It is based on a
 variety of factors such as the level of volumes an owner processes at the
 facility and its ownership interest in the facility. 
 (2)
 We
 commenced natural gas processing operations at our Meeker facility in
 October 2007 and subsequently began the Meeker Phase II expansion project
 to double the natural gas processing capacity to 1.7 Bcf/d at this
 facility. The Meeker Phase II expansion became operational
 during March 2009. 
 (3)
 Other
 natural gas processing facilities include our Venice, Sea Robin and Burns
 Point facilities located in Louisiana; Indian Basin, Carlsbad and
 Chaparral facilities located in New Mexico; and San Martin, Delmita,
 Sonora, Shilling and Indian Springs facilities located in
 Texas. Our ownership in the Venice plant is through our 13.1%
 equity method investment in Venice Energy Services Company, L.L.C.
 (";VESCO";). 
 (4)
 Our
 ownership in these facilities ranges from 13.1% to
 100%. 

 Our
natural gas processing facilities can be characterized as two distinct types:
(i) straddle plants situated on mainline natural gas pipelines owned either by
us or by third parties or (ii) field plants that process natural gas from
gathering pipelines. We operate the Meeker, Pioneer, Toca, Chaco,
North Terrebonne, Calumet, Neptune, Burns Point, Carlsbad and Chaparral plants
and all of the Texas facilities. On a weighted-average basis,
utilization rates for these assets were 48.3%, 52.4% and 51.5% during the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. These rates
reflect the periods in which we owned an interest in such
facilities. 
 
 Our NGL marketing activities utilize a
fleet of approximately 600 railcars, the majority of which are leased from third
parties. These railcars are used to deliver feedstocks to our
facilities and to distribute NGLs throughout the United States and parts of
Canada. We have rail loading and unloading facilities in Alabama,
Arizona, California, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nevada, New
York, North Carolina and Texas. These facilities service both our
rail shipments and those of our customers. 

 10 

 Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the
significant NGL pipelines and related storage assets included in our NGL
Pipelines & Services business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Useable 

 Our 

 Storage 

 Ownership 

 Length 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (Miles) 

 (MMBbls) 

 NGL
 pipelines: 

 Mid-America
 Pipeline System 

 Midwest
 and Western U.S. 

 100% 

 7,832 

 Seminole
 Pipeline 

 Texas 

 90%
 (1) 

 1,346 

 South
 Texas NGL System 

 Texas 

 100%
 (2) 

 1,317 

 Dixie
 Pipeline 

 South
 and Southeastern U.S. 

 100% 

 1,306 

 Chaparral
 NGL System (3) 

 Texas,
 New Mexico 

 100% 

 1,010 

 Louisiana
 Pipeline System 

 Louisiana 

 Various
 (4) 

 827 

 Skelly-Belvieu
 Pipeline 

 Texas 

 50%
 (5) 

 572 

 Promix
 NGL Gathering System 

 Louisiana 

 50%
 (6) 

 364 

 Houston
 Ship Channel 

 Texas 

 100% 

 254 

 Rio
 Grande Pipeline 

 Texas 

 70%
 (7) 

 249 

 Lou-Tex
 NGL Pipeline 

 Texas,
 Louisiana 

 100% 

 205 

 Others
 (11 systems) (8) 

 Various 

 Various 

 1,013 

 Total
 miles 

 16,295 

 NGL
 and related product storage capacity by state: 

 Texas
 (9) 

 124.4 

 Louisiana 

 15.2 

 Kansas 

 8.4 

 Mississippi 

 5.8 

 Others
 (10) 

 9.6 

 Total
 working capacity (11) 

 163.4 

 (1)
 We
 hold a 90% interest in this system through a majority owned subsidiary,
 Seminole Pipeline Company (";Seminole";). 
 (2)
 The
 ownership interest presented reflects consolidated ownership of these
 systems by EPO (34%) and Duncan Energy Partners (66%). 
 (3)
 The
 Chaparral NGL System includes the 180-mile Quanah Pipeline, which begins
 in Sutton County, Texas, and connects to the Chaparral Pipeline near
 Midland, Texas. 
 (4)
 Of
 the 827 total miles for this system, we own 100% of 774 miles and 52.5% of
 the remaining 53 miles. 
 (5)
 Our
 ownership interest in this pipeline is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
 (";Skelly-Belvieu";). 
 (6)
 Our
 ownership interest in this pipeline system is held indirectly through our
 equity method investment in K/D/S Promix, L.L.C. (";Promix";). 
 (7)
 We
 hold a 70% interest in this system through a majority owned subsidiary,
 Rio Grande Pipeline Company (";Rio Grande";). We acquired our
 ownership interest in Rio Grande in December 2009. 
 (8)
 Includes
 our Tri-States, Belle Rose, Wilprise, Chunchula, Bay Area and South Dean
 pipelines located in the coastal regions of Alabama, Louisiana,
 Mississippi and Texas; Port Arthur, Wilcox, Panola and San Jacinto
 pipelines located in east Texas; and our Meeker pipeline in
 Colorado. 
 (9)
 The
 amount shown for Texas includes 34 underground NGL and petrochemical
 storage caverns with an aggregate working capacity of approximately 100
 MMBbls that are owned by EPO (34%) and Duncan Energy Partners
 (66%). These 34 caverns are located in Mont Belvieu,
 Texas. 
 (10) Includes
 storage capacity at our facilities in Alabama, Arizona, California,
 Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada,
 New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
 South Carolina, South Dakota and Wisconsin. 
 (11) Our
 underground storage caverns and above ground storage tanks have an
 aggregate 163.4 MMBbls of total working storage capacity, which includes
 23.4 MMBbls held under long-term operating leases. The leased
 facilities are located in Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, South Dakota and
 Texas. 

 The
maximum number of barrels that our NGL pipelines can transport per day depends
upon the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between various
segments of the systems. Since the operating balance is dependent
upon the mix of products being shipped and demand levels at various delivery
points, the exact capacities of our NGL pipelines cannot be reliably
determined. We measure the utilization rates of such pipelines in
terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership
interest. Total net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 2,099
MBPD, 1,948 MBPD and 1,794 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008
and 2007, respectively. 

 11 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal NGL
pipelines. We operate our NGL pipelines with the exception of the
Skelly-Belvieu Pipeline, Tri-States and a small portion of the Louisiana
Pipeline System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Mid-America Pipeline
 System is a regulated NGL pipeline system consisting of three
 primary segments: the 2,793-mile Rocky Mountain pipeline, the 2,773-mile
 Conway North pipeline and the 2,266-mile Conway South
 pipeline. This system is present in 13 states: Wyoming, Utah,
 Colorado, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Iowa,
 Illinois, Minnesota and Wisconsin. The Rocky Mountain pipeline
 transports mixed NGLs from the Rocky Mountain Overthrust and San Juan
 Basin areas to the Hobbs hub located on the Texas-New Mexico
 border. The Conway North segment links the NGL hub at Conway,
 Kansas to refineries, petrochemical plants and propane markets in the
 upper Midwest. In addition, the Conway North segment has access
 to NGL supplies from Canada';s Western Sedimentary Basin through
 third-party connections. The Conway South pipeline connects the
 Conway hub with Kansas refineries and transports NGLs to and from Conway,
 Kansas to the Hobbs hub. The Mid-America Pipeline System
 interconnects with our Seminole Pipeline and Hobbs NGL fractionator and
 storage facility at the Hobbs hub. This system includes 15
 unregulated propane terminals. 

 During
2009, approximately 50% of the volumes transported on the Mid-America Pipeline
System were mixed NGLs originating from natural gas processing
plants. The remaining volumes consisted of purity NGL products
originating from NGL fractionators located in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas, as
well as deliveries from Canada. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Seminole Pipeline 
 is a regulated pipeline that transports NGLs from the Hobbs hub and the
 Permian Basin area of west Texas to markets in southeast Texas including
 our NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas. NGLs originating
 on the Mid-America Pipeline System are the primary source of throughput
 for the Seminole Pipeline. 

 &#167; 

 The
 South Texas NGL
 System is a network of NGL gathering and transportation pipelines
 located in south Texas. The system gathers and transports mixed
 NGLs from our south Texas natural gas processing plants to our south Texas
 NGL fractionation facilities. In turn, the system
 transports NGLs from our south Texas NGL fractionation
 facilities to refineries and petrochemical plants located between Corpus
 Christi, Texas and Houston, Texas and within the Texas City-Houston area,
 as well as to interconnects with common carrier NGL
 pipelines. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Dixie Pipeline is a regulated
 pipeline that extends from southeast Texas and Louisiana to markets in the
 southeastern United States and transports propane and other
 NGLs. Propane supplies transported on this system primarily
 originate from southeast Texas, south Louisiana and
 Mississippi. This system includes eight unregulated propane
 terminals and operates in seven states: Texas, Louisiana,
 Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and North
 Carolina. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Chaparral NGL
 System transports NGLs from natural gas processing plants in west
 Texas and New Mexico to Mont Belvieu, Texas. This system
 consists of the 830-mile regulated Chaparral pipeline and the 180-mile
 unregulated Quanah pipeline. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Louisiana Pipeline
 System is a network of NGL pipelines located in south
 Louisiana. This system transports NGLs originating in Louisiana
 and Texas to refineries and petrochemical companies located along the
 Mississippi River corridor in south Louisiana. This system also
 provides transportation services for our natural gas processing plants,
 NGL fractionators and other assets located in Louisiana. In
 December 2009, we acquired 215 miles of intrastate pipelines from Chevron
 Midstream Pipelines LLC that expand and extend our Louisiana Pipeline
 System. Originating from a central point in Henry, Louisiana,
 the acquired pipelines extend westward to Lake Charles, northward to an
 interconnect with the Dixie Pipeline at Breaux Bridge, and eastward to
 Napoleonville, Louisiana, where our Promix NGL fractionation and storage
 facilities are located. 

 12 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 The
 Skelly-Belvieu
 Pipeline is a regulated pipeline that transports mixed NGLs from
 Skellytown, Texas to Mont Belvieu, Texas. We anticipate
 becoming operator of this pipeline by January 1,
 2011. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Promix NGL Gathering System 
 gathers mixed NGLs from natural gas processing plants in south Louisiana
 for delivery to our Promix NGL
fractionator. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Houston Ship
 Channel pipeline system connects our Mont Belvieu, Texas facilities
 with our Houston Ship Channel import/export terminals and various
 third-party petrochemical plants, refineries and other pipelines located
 along the Houston Ship Channel. 

 &#167; 

 The Rio Grande Pipeline is
 a regulated pipeline originating near Odessa, Texas that transports mixed
 NGLs to a pipeline interconnect at the Mexican border south of El Paso,
 Texas. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Lou-Tex NGL Pipeline system
 transports NGLs and refinery grade propylene between the Louisiana and
 Texas markets. 

 Our NGL and related product storage and
terminal facilities are integral components of our midstream energy
infrastructure. We operate these storage and terminal facilities,
with the exception of certain Louisiana storage locations that are operated for
us by a third-party. 
 
 Our largest underground storage
facility is located in Mont Belvieu, Texas and is owned 66% by Duncan Energy
Partners and 34% by EPO. This storage facility consists of 34
underground NGL and petrochemical salt dome storage caverns with an aggregate
working storage capacity of approximately 100 MMBbls, a brine system with
approximately 20 MMBbls of above-ground brine storage pit capacity and two brine
production wells. These assets store and deliver NGLs (such as ethane
and propane) and certain petrochemical products for industrial customers located
along the upper Texas Gulf Coast. 
 
 The following table summarizes the
significant NGL fractionation assets included in our NGL Pipelines &
Services business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Net 

 Total 

 Our 

 Plant 

 Plant 

 Ownership 

 Capacity 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location 

 Interest 

 (MBPD)
 (1) 

 (MBPD) 

 NGL
 fractionation facilities: 

 Mont
 Belvieu 

 Texas 

 75%
 (2) 

 178 

 230 

 Shoup
 and Armstrong 

 Texas 

 100%
 (3) 

 82 

 82 

 Hobbs 

 Texas 

 100% 

 75 

 75 

 Norco 

 Louisiana 

 100% 

 75 

 75 

 Promix 

 Louisiana 

 50%
 (4) 

 73 

 145 

 BRF 

 Louisiana 

 32.2%
 (5) 

 19 

 60 

 Tebone 

 Louisiana 

 56.4%
 (2) 

 12 

 30 

 Other
 (6) 

 Colorado,
 Ohio 

 100% 

 15 

 15 

 Total
 plant capacities 

 529 

 712 

 (1)
 The
 approximate net plant capacity does not necessarily correspond to our
 ownership interest in each facility. It is based on a variety
 of factors such as the level of volumes an owner processes at the facility
 and its ownership interest in the facility. 
 (2)
 Ownership
 interests presented reflect direct consolidated interests in each
 facility. 
 (3)
 The
 ownership interest presented reflects consolidated ownership of these
 plants by EPO (34%) and Duncan Energy Partners (66%). 
 (4)
 Our
 ownership interest in this facility is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Promix. 
 (5)
 Our
 ownership interest in this facility is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Baton Rouge Fractionators LLC (";BRF";). 
 (6)
 Consists
 of two NGL fractionation facilities located in northeast Colorado and a
 fractionation facility located near Todhunter,
 Ohio. 

 13 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal NGL
fractionation facilities. We operate all of our NGL fractionation
facilities, with the exception of our two Colorado fractionators. 

 &#167; 

 Our
 Mont Belvieu NGL
 fractionation facility is located in Mont Belvieu, Texas, which is a key
 hub of the NGL industry. This facility fractionates mixed NGLs
 from several major NGL supply basins in North America including the
 Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, San Juan Basin, Rocky Mountains, east Texas
 and the Gulf Coast. 

 In August
2009, we announced plans to build a new 75 MBPD NGL fractionator at our Mont
Belvieu facility that will provide us with additional capacity to process
growing NGL volumes from producing areas in the Rockies, the Barnett Shale and
the emerging Eagle Ford Shale supply basin in south Texas. This
growth capital project will increase our gross NGL fractionation capacity at
Mont Belvieu to approximately 305 MBPD. The project is expected to be
completed in the first quarter of 2011. 

 &#167; 

 Our
 Shoup and Armstrong fractionators
 process mixed NGLs supplied by our south Texas natural gas processing
 plants. Purity NGL products from the Shoup and Armstrong
 fractionators are transported to local markets in the Corpus Christi area
 and also to Mont Belvieu, Texas using our South Texas NGL Pipeline
 System. 

 &#167; 

 Our
 Hobbs NGL
 fractionation facility is located in Gaines County, Texas, where it serves
 petrochemical plants and refineries in west Texas, New Mexico, California
 and northern Mexico. The Hobbs facility receives mixed NGLs
 from several major supply basins including Mid-Continent, Permian Basin,
 San Juan Basin and the Rocky Mountains. The facility is located
 at the interconnect of our Mid-America Pipeline System and Seminole
 Pipeline, thus providing us the flexibility to supply the nation';s largest
 NGL hub at Mont Belvieu, Texas as well as access to the second-largest NGL
 hub at Conway, Kansas. 

 &#167; 

 Our
 Norco NGL
 fractionation facility receives mixed NGLs via pipeline from refineries
 and natural gas processing plants located in south Louisiana and along the
 Mississippi and Alabama Gulf Coast, including from our Yscloskey,
 Pascagoula, Venice and Toca
facilities. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Promix NGL
 fractionation facility receives mixed NGLs via pipeline from natural gas
 processing plants located in south Louisiana and along the Mississippi
 Gulf Coast, including from our Calumet, Neptune, Burns Point and
 Pascagoula facilities. In addition to the Promix NGL Gathering
 System (described previously), Promix owns five NGL storage caverns and a
 barge loading facility that are integral to its
 operations. 

 &#167; 

 The
 BRF facility
 fractionates mixed NGLs from natural gas processing plants located in
 Alabama, Mississippi and south
Louisiana. 

 On a weighted-average basis,
utilization rates for our NGL fractionators were 88.8%, 83.6% and 78% during the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. These
rates reflect the periods in which we owned an interest in such
facilities. 
 
 Our NGL operations include import and
export facilities located on the Houston Ship Channel in southeast
Texas. We own an import and export facility located on land we lease
from Oiltanking Houston LP. Our import facility can offload NGLs from
tanker vessels at rates up to 20,000 barrels per hour depending on the
product. Our export facility can load cargoes of refrigerated propane
and butane onto tanker vessels at rates up to 6,700 barrels per
hour. In addition to these facilities, we own a barge dock also
located on the Houston Ship Channel that can load or offload two barges of NGLs
or refinery-grade propylene simultaneously at rates up to 5,000 barrels per
hour. We also own an NGL terminal in Providence, Rhode Island that
includes 0.4 MMBbls of refrigerated tank storage capacity and ship unloading
capabilities at rates up to 11,800 barrels per hour. Our average
combined NGL import and 

 14 

 Table of Contents 

 export
volumes were 98 MBPD, 74 MBPD and 84 MBPD for the years ended December 31, 2009,
2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 
 Onshore
Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our
Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment includes
approximately 19,200 miles of onshore natural gas pipeline systems that provide
for the gathering and transportation of natural gas in Alabama, Colorado,
Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas and Wyoming. We own two
salt dome natural gas storage facilities located in Mississippi and lease
natural gas storage facilities located in Texas and Louisiana. This
segment also includes our related natural gas marketing activities. 
 
 Onshore
natural gas pipelines and related natural gas marketing activities . Our onshore natural gas
pipeline systems provide for the gathering and transportation of natural gas
from major producing regions such as the San Juan, Barnett Shale, Permian,
Piceance, Greater Green River and Eagle Ford supply basins in the western United
States. In addition, certain of these systems receive natural gas
production from the Gulf of Mexico through coastal pipeline interconnects with
offshore pipelines. Our onshore natural gas pipelines receive natural
gas from producers, other pipelines or shippers through system interconnects and
redeliver the natural gas to processing facilities, local gas distribution
companies, industrial or municipal customers, or to other onshore
pipelines. 
 
 Our
onshore natural gas pipelines typically generate revenues from transportation
agreements whereby shippers are billed a fee per unit of volume transported
(typically per MMBtu) multiplied by the volume gathered or
delivered. The transportation fees charged under these arrangements
are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the
FERC. Certain of our onshore natural gas pipelines offer firm
capacity reservation services whereby the shipper pays a contractually stated
fee based on the level of throughput capacity reserved in our pipelines whether
or not the shipper actually utilizes such capacity. In connection
with our natural gas transportation services and marketing activities,
intrastate natural gas pipelines (such as our Acadian Gas System) may also
purchase natural gas from producers and other suppliers for transport and resale
to customers such as electric utility companies, local natural gas distribution
companies, industrial users and other natural gas marketing
companies. 
 
 Our
natural gas marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of
natural gas obtained from third-party well-head purchases, regional natural gas
processing plants and the open market. In general, sales prices
referenced in the contracts utilized within our natural gas marketing activities
are market-based and may include pricing differentials for such factors as
delivery location. We entered the natural gas marketing business in
an effort to maximize the utilization of our portfolio of natural gas pipeline
and storage assets. We expect our natural gas marketing business to
continue to expand in the future. The results of operations for our
onshore natural gas pipelines and related marketing activities are generally
dependent upon the volume of natural gas transported and/or sold and amounts
charged to customers (including those charged internally, which are eliminated
in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements). 
 
 We are
exposed to commodity price risk to the extent that we take title to natural gas
volumes in connection with certain intrastate natural gas transportation
contracts and our natural gas marketing activities. In addition, we
purchase and resell natural gas for certain producers that use our San Juan,
Carlsbad and Jonah Gathering Systems and certain segments of our Texas
Intrastate System. Also, several of our gathering systems, while not
providing marketing services, have some exposure to risks related to
fluctuations in commodity prices through transportation arrangements with
shippers. For example, nearly all of the transportation revenues
generated by our San Juan Gathering System are based on a percentage of a
regional price index for natural gas. This index is subject to change
based on a variety of factors including natural gas supply and consumer
demand. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our exposure to
commodity price risks associated with our natural gas pipelines and services
business. 
 
 Underground
natural gas storage . We own two underground salt dome natural gas storage
facilities located near Hattiesburg, Mississippi that serve the domestic
Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Southeast natural gas markets. On a
combined basis, these facilities (our Petal Gas Storage (";Petal";)
and 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 Hattiesburg
Gas Storage locations) are capable of delivering in excess of 1.4 Bcf/d of
natural gas into six interstate pipeline systems. We also lease
underground salt dome natural gas storage caverns that serve markets in Texas
and Louisiana. 
 
 Our natural gas storage facilities are
designed for sustained periods of high natural gas deliveries, including the
ability to quickly switch from full injection to full withdrawal modes of
operation. The ability of underground salt dome storage caverns to
handle high levels of injections and withdrawals of natural gas benefits
customers who desire the ability to meet load swings and to cover major supply
interruption events, such as hurricanes and temporary losses of
production. High injection and withdrawal rates also allow customers
to take advantage of periods of volatile natural gas prices and respond quickly
in situations where they have natural gas imbalance issues on pipelines
connected to the storage facilities. 
 
 Under our natural gas storage
contracts, there are typically two components of revenues: (i) monthly demand
payments, which are associated with a customer';s storage capacity reservation
and paid regardless of actual usage, and (ii) storage fees per unit of volume
stored at our facilities. 
 
 Seasonality . Typically, our onshore
natural gas pipelines experience higher throughput rates during the summer
months as natural gas-fired power generation utilities increase their output to
meet residential and commercial demand for electricity used for air
conditioning. Higher throughput rates are also experienced in the
winter months as natural gas is used to meet residential and commercial heating
requirements. Likewise, this seasonality also impacts the timing of
injections and withdrawals at our natural gas storage facilities. 
 
 Competition . Within their market areas,
our onshore natural gas pipelines compete with other natural gas pipelines on
the basis of price (in terms of transportation fees), quality of customer
service and operational flexibility. Competition for natural gas
storage is primarily based on location and the ability to deliver natural gas in
a timely and reliable manner. Our natural gas storage facilities
compete with other providers of natural gas storage, including other salt dome
storage facilities and depleted reservoir facilities. Our natural gas
marketing activities compete primarily with other natural gas pipeline companies
and their marketing affiliates and financial institutions with trading
platforms. Competition in the natural gas marketing business is based
primarily on quality of customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to
customers and other market hubs. 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties . The
following table summarizes the significant assets included in our Onshore
Natural Gas Pipelines & Services business segment at February 1,
2010. 

 Approx.
 Net 

 Our 

 Capacity, 

 Gross 

 Ownership 

 Length 

 Natural
 Gas 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (Miles) 

 (MMcf/d) 

 (Bcf) 

 Onshore
 natural gas pipelines: 

 Texas
 Intrastate System 

 Texas 

 100% (1) 

 8,051 

 6,640 

 Jonah
 Gathering System 

 Wyoming 

 100% 

 849 

 2,550 

 Piceance
 Basin Gathering System 

 Colorado 

 100% 

 102 

 1,600 

 White
 River Hub 

 Colorado 

 50% 

 10 

 1,500 

 San
 Juan Gathering System 

 New
 Mexico, Colorado 

 100% 

 6,070 

 1,200 

 Acadian
 Gas System 

 Louisiana 

 Various
 (2) 

 1,041 

 1,149 

 Val
 Verde Gas Gathering System 

 New
 Mexico, Colorado 

 100% 

 420 

 550 

 Carlsbad
 Gathering System 

 Texas,
 New Mexico 

 100% 

 919 

 220 

 Alabama
 Intrastate System 

 Alabama 

 100% 

 408 

 200 

 Encinal
 Gathering System 

 Texas 

 100% 

 535 

 143 

 Other
 (6 systems) (3) 

 Texas,
 Mississippi 

 Various
 (4) 

 785 

 1,840 

 Total
 miles 

 19,190 

 Natural
 gas storage facilities: 

 Petal 

 Mississippi 

 100% 

 16.6 

 Hattiesburg 

 Mississippi 

 100% 

 2.1 

 Wilson 

 Texas 

 Leased
 (5) 

 6.8 

 Acadian 

 Louisiana 

 Leased
 (6) 

 1.3 

 Total
 gross capacity 

 26.8 

 (1)
 In
 general, our consolidated ownership of this system is 100% through
 interests held by EPO and Duncan Energy Partners. We own and
 operate a 50% undivided interest in the 641-mile Channel pipeline system,
 which is a component of the Texas Intrastate System. The
 remaining 50% is owned by affiliates of Energy Transfer
 Equity. In addition, we own less than a 100% undivided interest
 in and lease certain segments of the Enterprise Texas pipeline system,
 which is a component of the Texas Intrastate System. 
 (2)
 Our
 ownership interest reflects consolidated ownership of Acadian Gas by EPO
 (34%) and Duncan Energy Partners (66%). Amounts presented
 include the 49.5% equity method investment that Acadian Gas has in the
 27-mile Evangeline pipeline. 
 (3)
 Includes
 the Delmita, Big Thicket, Indian Springs and Canales gathering systems
 located in Texas and the Petal and Hattiesburg pipelines located in
 Mississippi. The Delmita and Big Thicket gathering systems are
 integral parts of our natural gas processing operations, the results of
 operations and assets of which are accounted for under our NGL Pipelines
 & Services business segment. The Petal and Hattiesburg
 pipelines, which have a combined capacity in excess of 1.4 MMcf/d, are
 integral components of our Petal and Hattiesburg natural gas storage
 operations. 
 (4)
 We
 own 100% of these assets with the exception of the Indian Springs system,
 in which we own an 80% undivided interest through a consolidated
 subsidiary. Our 100% ownership interest in Big Thicket reflects
 consolidated ownership by EPO (34%) and Duncan Energy Partners
 (66%). 
 (5)
 We
 hold this facility under an operating lease that expires in January
 2028. 
 (6)
 We
 hold this facility under an operating lease that expires in December
 2012. 

 On a weighted-average basis, aggregate
utilization rates for our onshore natural gas pipelines were approximately
64.4%, 68.7% and 67.0% during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. The utilization rate for 2008 excludes the White River Hub,
which commenced operations during December 2008. The utilization rate
for 2007 excludes our Piceance Basin Gathering System, which operated at an
average utilization rate of 24.3% during 2007 as volumes ramped-up on this
system. Our utilization rates reflect the periods in which we owned an
interest in such assets or, for recently constructed assets, since the dates
such assets were placed into service. 
 
 The following information highlights
the general use of each of our principal onshore natural gas
pipelines. With the exception of the White River Hub and certain
minor segments of the Texas Intrastate System, we operate our onshore natural
gas pipelines and storage facilities. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Texas Intrastate
 System gathers and transports natural gas from supply basins in
 Texas (from both onshore and offshore sources) to local gas distribution
 companies and electric generation and industrial and municipal consumers
 as well as to connections with intrastate and interstate
 pipelines. The Texas Intrastate System is comprised of the
 6,560-mile Enterprise Texas pipeline system, the 641-mile Channel pipeline
 system, the 660-mile Waha gathering system and the 190-mile TPC Offshore
 gathering system. The Enterprise Texas pipeline system includes
 a 263-mile 

 17 

 Table of Contents 

 pipeline
 we lease from an affiliate of ETP. The leased Wilson natural
 gas storage facility located in Wharton County, Texas is an integral part
 of the Texas Intrastate System. Collectively, the Texas
 Intrastate System serves important natural gas producing regions and
 commercial markets in Texas, including Corpus Christi, the San
 Antonio/Austin area, the Beaumont/Orange area and the Houston area,
 including the Houston Ship Channel industrial
 market. 

 The
173-mile Sherman Extension pipeline, which is part of our Texas Intrastate
System, was completed in late February 2009 and is capable of transporting up to
1.2 Bcf/d of natural gas from the prolific Barnett Shale production basin in
north Texas. The Sherman Extension provides producers with
connections to third-party interstate pipelines having access to markets outside
of Texas. An aggregate of 1.0 Bcf/d of the Sherman Extension';s
throughput capacity has been contracted for by customers, including EPO, under
long-term contracts. 
 
 In late
2008, we began design of the 40-mile Trinity River Lateral, which is expected to
be completed during the second quarter of 2010. The Trinity River
Lateral will be capable of transporting up to 1.0 Bcf/d of natural gas and will
provide producers in the Barnett Shale production basin with additional takeaway
capacity. We are also constructing a new storage cavern adjacent to
the leased Wilson natural gas storage facility that is expected to be completed
in 2010. When completed, this new cavern is expected to provide us
with an additional 5.0 Bcf of natural gas storage capacity. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Jonah Gathering
 System is located in the Greater Green River Basin of southwest
 Wyoming. This system gathers natural gas from the Jonah and
 Pinedale supply basins for delivery to regional natural gas processing
 plants, including our Pioneer facility, and major interstate
 pipelines. In mid-2009, we completed an expansion of that
 portion of the system that serves the Pinedale field, which increased
 total capacity of the Jonah Gathering System from 2.35 Bcf/d to 2.55
 Bcf/d. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Piceance Basin Gathering
 System consists of the 48-mile Piceance Creek, 32-mile Great Divide
 and 22-mile Collbran Valley gathering systems located in the Piceance
 Basin of northwestern Colorado. The Piceance Creek gathering
 system extends from a connection with the Great Divide gathering system to
 our Meeker natural gas processing plant. The Great Divide
 gathering system gathers natural gas from the southern portion of the
 Piceance Basin, including natural gas gathered on the Collbran Valley
 gathering system, to an interconnect with our Piceance Creek gathering
 system. 

 &#167; 

 The
 White River Hub 
 is a regulated interstate natural gas transportation hub
 facility. The White River Hub connects to six interstate
 natural gas pipelines in northwest Colorado and has a gross capacity of 3
 Bcf/d of natural gas (1.5 Bcf/d net to our 50% ownership
 interest). White River Hub began service in December
 2008. 

 &#167; 

 The
 San Juan Gathering
 System serves producers in the San Juan Basin of north New Mexico
 and south Colorado. This system gathers natural gas from
 production wells located in the San Juan Basin and delivers the natural
 gas to regional processing facilities, including our Chaco natural gas
 processing plant located in New
Mexico. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Acadian Gas
 System purchases, transports, stores and resells natural gas in
 south Louisiana. The Acadian Gas System is comprised of the
 576-mile Cypress pipeline, the 438-mile Acadian pipeline and the 27-mile
 Evangeline pipeline. The Acadian Gas System includes a leased
 natural gas storage facility at Napoleonville, Louisiana that is an
 integral part of its pipeline
operations. 

 In
October 2009, we and Duncan Energy Partners announced plans to extend our
Acadian Gas System into the rapidly growing Haynesville Shale supply basin in
northwest Louisiana. Our 249-mile Haynesville Extension pipeline will
have transportation capacity of up to 2.1 Bcf/d of natural gas and will extend
from the Haynesville region to interconnects with interstate pipelines in
central Louisiana and with our existing Acadian Gas System. The
pipeline is expected to be placed into service during the third quarter of
2011. 

 18 

 Table of Contents 

 The
Haynesville Extension will provide producers in the Haynesville Shale supply
basin with takeaway capacity, including access to more than 150 end-use markets
along the Mississippi River corridor between Baton Rouge and New Orleans,
Louisiana. In addition, shippers will be able to access our
Napoleonville salt dome storage cavern and have the ability to make physical
deliveries into the Henry Hub and benefit from more favorable pricing
points. The Haynesville Extension will also allow shippers to reach
nine interstate pipeline systems. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Val Verde Gas Gathering
 System gathers natural gas, including coal bed methane from the
 Fruitland Coal Formation in the San Juan Basin, from producing regions in
 north New Mexico and south
Colorado. 

 &#167; 

 The
 C arlsbad Gathering
 System gathers natural gas from the Permian Basin region of Texas
 and New Mexico for delivery into the El Paso Natural Gas, Transwestern and
 Oasis pipelines. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Alabama Intrastate
 System gathers natural gas, primarily coal bed methane, from the
 Black Warrior supply basin in Alabama. This system is also
 involved in the purchase, transportation and sale of natural
 gas. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Encinal Gathering
 System gathers natural gas from the Olmos, Wilcox and Eagle Ford
 formations in south Texas for processing at our south Texas natural gas
 processing plants. 

 Onshore
Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our
Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services business segment includes
approximately 4,400 miles of onshore crude oil pipelines and 10.5 MMBbls of
above-ground storage tank capacity. This segment includes our crude
oil marketing activities. 
 
 Onshore
crude oil pipelines, terminals and related marketing
activities . Our onshore crude oil pipeline systems gather and
transport crude oil primarily in Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas to refineries,
centralized storage terminals and connecting pipelines. Revenue from
crude oil transportation is generally based upon a fixed fee per barrel
transported multiplied by the volume delivered. Accordingly, the
results of operations for this business are generally dependent upon the volume
of crude oil transported and the level of fees charged to customers (including
those charged internally, which are eliminated in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements). The transportation fees charged
under these arrangements are either contractual or regulated by governmental
agencies, including the FERC. 
 
 We own crude oil terminal facilities in
Cushing, Oklahoma and Midland, Texas that are used to store crude oil volumes
for us and our customers. Under our crude oil terminaling agreements,
we charge customers for crude oil storage based on the number of days a customer
has volumes in storage multiplied by a contractual storage rate. With
respect to storage capacity reservation agreements, we collect a fee for
reserving storage capacity for customers at our terminals. The
customers pay reservation fees based on the level of storage capacity reserved
rather than the actual volumes stored. In addition, we charge our
customers throughput (or ";pumpover";) fees based on volumes withdrawn from our
terminals. Lastly, we provide fee-based trade documentation services
whereby we document the transfer of title for crude oil volumes transacted
between buyers and sellers at our terminals. In general, the
profitability of our crude oil terminaling operations is dependent upon the
level of storage capacity reserved by our customers, the volume of product
withdrawn from our terminals and the level of fees charged (including those
charged internally, which are eliminated in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements). 
 
 Our crude
oil marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of crude
oil obtained from producers or on the open market. In general, the
sales prices referenced in these contracts are market-based and may include
pricing differentials for such factors as delivery location. To limit
the exposure of our crude oil marketing activities to commodity price risk, our
purchases and sales of crude oil are generally contracted to occur within the
same calendar month. We also use derivative instruments to mitigate
our exposure to commodity price risks associated with our crude oil marketing
business. 

 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Seasonality . Our
onshore crude oil pipelines and related activities typically exhibit little to
no effects of seasonality. However, our onshore pipelines situated
along the Texas Gulf Coast may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes
and tropical storms. 
 
 Competition . Within
their respective market areas, our onshore crude oil pipelines, terminals and
related marketing activities compete with other crude oil pipeline companies,
major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, financial
institutions with trading platforms and independent crude oil gathering and
marketing companies. The onshore crude oil business can be
characterized by thin operating margins and strong competition for supplies of
crude oil. Declines in domestic crude oil production have intensified
this competition. Competition is based primarily on quality of
customer service, competitive pricing and proximity to customers and other
market hubs. 
 
 Properties . The
following table summarizes the significant crude oil pipelines and related
terminal assets included in our Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services
business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Useable 

 Our 

 Storage 

 Ownership 

 Length 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (Miles) 

 (MMBbls)
 (1) 

 Crude
 oil pipelines: 

 Seaway
 Crude Pipeline System 

 Texas,
 Oklahoma 

 50%
 (2) 

 530 

 3.4 

 Red
 River System 

 Texas,
 Oklahoma 

 100% 

 1,690 

 1.2 

 South
 Texas System 

 Texas 

 100% 

 1,150 

 1.1 

 West
 Texas System 

 Texas,
 New Mexico 

 100% 

 360 

 0.4 

 Other
 (4 systems) (3) 

 Texas,
 Oklahoma, New Mexico 

 Various 

 681 

 0.3 

 Total
 miles 

 4,411 

 Crude
 oil terminals: 

 Cushing
 terminal 

 Oklahoma 

 100% 

 3.1 

 Midland
 terminal 

 Texas 

 100% 

 1.0 

 Total
 capacity 

 10.5 

 (1)
 Useable
 storage capacity is presented net to our ownership interest in each
 asset. 
 (2)
 Our
 ownership interest in this pipeline system is held indirectly through our
 equity method investment in Seaway Crude Pipeline Company
 (";Seaway";). 
 (3)
 Includes
 our Azelea, Mesquite and Sharon Ridge crude oil gathering systems and
 Basin Pipeline System. We own 100% of these assets with the
 exception of the Basin Pipeline System, in which we own a 13% undivided
 interest. 

 The
maximum number of barrels that our crude oil pipelines can transport per day
depends upon the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between
various segments of the systems. Since the operating balance is
dependent upon product composition and demand levels at various delivery points,
the exact capacities of our crude oil pipelines cannot be reliably
determined. We measure the utilization rates of such pipelines in
terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership
interest. Total net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 680
MBPD, 696 MBPD and 652 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively. 
 
 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal crude
oil pipelines and terminals, all of which we operate with the exception of the
Basin Pipeline System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Seaway Crude Pipeline
 System is a regulated system that transports imported crude oil
 from Freeport, Texas to Cushing, Oklahoma and supplies refineries in the
 Houston, Texas area through its terminal facility at Texas City,
 Texas. The Seaway Crude Pipeline System also has a connection
 to our South Texas System that allows it to receive both onshore and
 offshore domestic crude oil production from the Texas Gulf Coast area for
 delivery to Cushing. 

 20 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 
 
 The Red River System is a
 regulated pipeline that transports crude oil from north Texas to south
 Oklahoma for delivery to either two local refineries or pipeline
 interconnects for further transportation to Cushing,
 Oklahoma. 

 &#167; 

 The South Texas System 
 transports crude oil from an origination point in south Texas to the
 Houston, Texas area. Crude oil transported on the South Texas
 System is delivered either to Houston area refineries or pipeline
 interconnects (including those with our Seaway Crude Pipeline System) for
 ultimate delivery to Cushing,
Oklahoma. 

 &#167; 

 The
 West Texas System 
 connects crude oil gathering systems in west Texas and southeast New
 Mexico to our terminal facility in Midland,
 Texas. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Cushing and Midland terminals 
 provide crude oil storage, pumpover and trade documentation
 services. Our terminal in Cushing, Oklahoma has 19 above-ground
 storage tanks with aggregate crude oil storage capacity of 3.1
 MMBbls. The Midland terminal has a storage capacity of 1.0
 MMBbls through the use of 12 above-ground storage
 tanks. 

 Offshore
Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our
Offshore Pipelines & Services business segment serves some of the most
active drilling and development regions, including deepwater production fields,
in the northern Gulf of Mexico offshore Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and
Alabama. This segment includes approximately 1,400 miles of offshore
natural gas pipelines, approximately 1,000 miles of offshore crude oil pipelines
and six offshore hub platforms. 
 
 Our
offshore Gulf of Mexico pipelines provide for the gathering and transportation
of natural gas or crude oil. In general, revenues from our offshore
pipelines are derived from fee-based agreements whereby the customer is charged
a fee per unit of volume gathered or transported (typically per MMBtu of natural
gas or per barrel of crude oil) multiplied by the volume
delivered. These agreements tend to be long-term, often involving
life-of-reserve commitments with both firm and interruptible
components. In the case of our Poseidon Oil Pipeline System, we
purchase crude oil from producers and shippers at a receipt point (at a fixed or
index-based price less a location differential) and then sell like quantities of
crude oil back to the customer at onshore Louisiana locations (at the same fixed
or index-based price, as applicable). The net revenue we recognize
from such arrangements is based on the location differential, which represents
the fee Poseidon charges for providing transportation services. 
 
 Our
offshore platforms are integral components of our pipeline
operations. In general, platforms are critical components of the
energy-related infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico, supporting drilling and
producing operations, and therefore play a key role in the overall development
of offshore crude oil and natural gas reserves. Platforms are used
to: interconnect the offshore pipeline grid; provide an efficient
means to perform pipeline maintenance; locate compression, separation and
production handling equipment and similar assets; conduct drilling operations
during the initial development phase of an oil and natural gas property and
process off-lease production. Revenues from offshore platform
services generally consist of demand fees and commodity
charges. Demand fees are similar to firm capacity reservation
agreements for a pipeline in that they are charged to a customer regardless of
the volume the customer actually delivers to the platform. Revenues
from commodity charges are based on a fixed-fee per unit of volume delivered to
the platform (typically per MMcf of natural gas or per barrel of crude oil)
multiplied by the total volume of each product delivered. Contracts
for platform services often include both demand fees and commodity charges, but
demand fees generally expire after a contractually fixed period of time and in
some instances may be subject to cancellation by customers. For
example, the producers utilizing our Independence Hub platform have agreed to
pay us $54.6 million of demand fees annually through March
2012. These demand fees are in addition to commodity charges they pay
us based on volumes delivered to the platform. 
 
 In August
2008, we and Oiltanking Holding Americas, Inc. (";Oiltanking";) announced the
formation of a joint venture, the Texas Offshore Port System (";TOPS";), that
would design, construct, operate and own a Texas offshore crude oil port and
related onshore pipeline and storage system located 

 21 

 Table of Contents 

 along the
upper Texas Gulf Coast. In April 2009, we dissociated from
TOPS. As a result, operating costs and expenses for 2009 includes a
non-cash charge of $68.4 million. This loss represents the forfeiture
of our cumulative investment in TOPS through the date of
dissociation. Furthermore, in September 2009, we and Oiltanking
entered into a settlement agreement that resolved all disputes between the
parties related to the business and affairs of the TOPS project. We
recognized an additional $66.9 million of operating costs and expenses during
2009 in connection with this settlement. The aggregate $135.3 million
of charges recorded during 2009 were classified within the Offshore Pipelines
& Services business segment. 
 
 Seasonality .
Our offshore operations exhibit little to no effects of seasonality; however,
they may be affected by weather events such as hurricanes and tropical storms in
the Gulf of Mexico. See Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report for information
regarding weather-related risks and insurance matters. 
 
 Competition .
Within their respective market areas, our offshore pipelines compete with other
offshore pipelines primarily on the basis of fees charged, available throughput
capacity, connections to downstream markets and proximity and access to existing
reserves. Our competitors may have access to greater capital
resources than we do, which could enable them to address business opportunities
in the Gulf of Mexico more quickly than we can. 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Properties . The
following table summarizes the significant assets included in our Offshore
Pipelines & Services business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Our 

 Water 

 Approximate
 Net Capacity 

 Ownership 

 Length 

 Depth 

 Natural
 Gas 

 Crude
 Oil 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Interest 

 (Miles) 

 (Feet) 

 (MMcf/d) 

 (MPBD) 

 Offshore
 natural gas pipelines: 

 High
 Island Offshore System (1) 

 100% 

 291 

 1,800 

 Viosca
 Knoll Gathering System 

 100% 

 137 

 1,000 

 Independence
 Trail 

 100% 

 134 

 1,000 

 Green
 Canyon Laterals 

 Various
 (2) 

 78 

 605 

 Phoenix
 Gathering System 

 100% 

 77 

 450 

 Falcon
 Natural Gas Pipeline 

 100% 

 14 

 400 

 Anaconda
 Gathering System 

 100% 

 137 

 300 

 Manta
 Ray Offshore Gathering System (3) 

 25.7% 

 250 

 206 

 Nautilus
 System (3) 

 25.7% 

 101 

 154 

 Nemo
 Gathering System (5) 

 33.9% 

 24 

 102 

 VESCO
 Gathering System (4) 

 13.1% 

 158 

 65 

 Total
 miles 

 1,401 

 Offshore
 crude oil pipelines: 

 Cameron
 Highway Oil Pipeline (6) 

 50% 

 374 

 250 

 Poseidon
 Oil Pipeline System (7) 

 36% 

 367 

 144 

 Shenzi
 Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 83 

 230 

 Allegheny
 Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 43 

 140 

 Marco
 Polo Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 37 

 120 

 Constitution
 Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 67 

 80 

 Typhoon
 Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 17 

 80 

 Tarantula
 Oil Pipeline 

 100% 

 4 

 30 

 Total
 miles 

 992 

 Offshore
 hub platforms: 

 Independence
 Hub 

 80% 

 8,000 

 800 

 N/A 

 Marco
 Polo (8) 

 50% 

 4,300 

 150 

 60 

 Viosca
 Knoll 817 

 100% 

 671 

 145 

 5 

 Garden
 Banks 72 

 50% 

 518 

 113 

 18 

 East
 Cameron 373 

 100% 

 441 

 195 

 3 

 Falcon
 Nest 

 100% 

 389 

 400 

 3 

 (1)
 Based
 on the maximum allowable operating pressure, our HIOS pipeline system can
 transport up to 1,800 MMcf/d of natural gas. On January 12,
 2010, we filed for FERC authority to reduce the firm certificated capacity
 on the HIOS pipeline system from 1,400 MMcf/d to 350 MMcf/d. 
 (2)
 Our
 ownership interests in the Green Canyon Laterals ranges from 2.7% to
 100%. 
 (3)
 Our
 ownership interest in these pipeline systems is held indirectly through
 our equity method investment in Neptune Pipeline Company, L.L.C.
 (";Neptune";). 
 (4)
 Our
 ownership interest in this system is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in VESCO. 
 (5)
 Our
 ownership interest in this system is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Nemo Gathering Company, LLC (";Nemo";). 
 (6)
 Our
 50% joint control ownership interest in this pipeline is held indirectly
 through our equity method investment in Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline
 Company (";Cameron Highway";). 
 (7)
 Our
 ownership interest in this system is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Poseidon Oil Pipeline Company, LLC.
 (";Poseidon";). 
 (8)
 Our
 50% joint control ownership interest in this platform is held indirectly
 through our equity method investment in Deepwater Gateway, L.L.C.
 (";Deepwater Gateway";). 

 We operate our offshore natural gas
pipelines, with the exception of the VESCO Gathering System, Manta Ray Offshore
Gathering System, Nautilus System, Nemo Gathering System and certain components
of the Green Canyon Laterals. On a weighted-average basis, aggregate
utilization rates for our offshore natural gas pipelines were approximately
22.3%, 22% and 24.1% during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. For recently constructed assets, utilization rates
reflect the periods since such assets were placed into service. 

 23 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal Gulf
of Mexico offshore natural gas pipelines. 

 &#167; 

 The
 High Island Offshore
 System (";HIOS";) transports natural gas from producing fields
 located in the Galveston, Garden Banks, West Cameron, High Island and East
 Breaks areas of the Gulf of Mexico to the ANR pipeline system, Tennessee
 Gas Pipeline and the U-T Offshore System. The HIOS pipeline
 system includes eight pipeline junction and service
 platforms. In addition, this system includes the 86-mile East
 Breaks System that connects HIOS to the Hoover-Diana deepwater platform
 located in Alaminos Canyon Block
25. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Viosca Knoll Gathering
 System transports natural gas from producing fields located in the
 Main Pass, Mississippi Canyon and Viosca Knoll areas of the Gulf of Mexico
 to several major interstate pipelines, including the Tennessee Gas,
 Columbia Gulf, Southern Natural, Transco, Dauphin Island Gathering System
 and Destin Pipelines. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Independence
 Trail natural gas pipeline transports natural gas from our
 Independence Hub platform to the Tennessee Gas Pipeline platform at West
 Delta 68. Natural gas transported on the Independence Trail
 pipeline originates from production fields in the Atwater Valley, DeSoto
 Canyon, Lloyd Ridge and Mississippi Canyon areas of the Gulf of
 Mexico. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Green Canyon
 Laterals consist of 13 pipeline laterals (which are extensions of
 natural gas pipelines) that transport natural gas to downstream pipelines,
 including HIOS. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Phoenix Gathering
 System connects the Red Hawk platform located in the Garden Banks
 area of the Gulf of Mexico to the ANR pipeline
 system. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Falcon Natural Gas
 Pipeline delivers natural gas processed at our Falcon Nest platform
 to a connection with the Central Texas Gathering System located at the
 Brazos Addition Block 133 platform. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Anaconda Gathering
 System connects our Marco Polo platform and the third-party owned
 Constitution platform to the ANR pipeline
 system. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Manta Ray Offshore
 Gathering System transports natural gas from producing fields
 located in the Green Canyon, Southern Green Canyon, Ship Shoal, South
 Timbalier and Ewing Bank areas of the Gulf of Mexico to numerous
 downstream pipelines, including our Nautilus
 System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Nautilus System 
 connects our Manta Ray Offshore Gathering System to our Neptune natural
 gas processing plant located in south
Louisiana. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Nemo Gathering
 System transports natural gas from Green Canyon developments to an
 interconnect with our Manta Ray Offshore Gathering
 System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 VESCO Gathering
 System is a regulated natural gas pipeline system associated with
 the Venice natural gas processing plant in south
 Louisiana. This gathering pipeline is an integral part of the
 natural gas processing operations of VESCO and is accounted for under our
 NGL Pipelines & Services business
segment. 

 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal Gulf
of Mexico offshore crude oil pipelines, all of which we operate. On a
weighted-average basis, aggregate utilization rates for our offshore crude oil
pipelines were approximately 28.7%, 20.1% and 19.3% during the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. For recently
constructed assets, utilization rates reflect the periods since such assets were
placed into service. 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 The
 Cameron Highway Oil
 Pipeline gathers crude oil production from deepwater areas of the
 Gulf of Mexico, primarily the South Green Canyon area, for delivery to
 refineries and terminals in southeast Texas. This system
 includes one pipeline junction
platform. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Poseidon Oil Pipeline
 System gathers production from the outer continental shelf and
 deepwater areas of the Gulf of Mexico for delivery to onshore locations in
 south Louisiana. This system includes one pipeline junction
 platform. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Shenzi Oil
 Pipeline provides gathering services from the BHP Billiton
 Plc-operated Shenzi production field located in the South Green Canyon
 area of the central Gulf of Mexico. The Shenzi Oil Pipeline
 allows producers to access our Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline and Poseidon
 Oil Pipeline System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Allegheny Oil
 Pipeline connects the Allegheny and South Timbalier 316 platforms
 in the Green Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico with our Cameron Highway
 Oil Pipeline and Poseidon Oil Pipeline
System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Marco Polo Oil
 Pipeline transports crude oil from our Marco Polo platform to an
 interconnect with our Allegheny Oil Pipeline in Green Canyon Block
 164. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Constitution Oil
 Pipeline serves the Constitution and Ticonderoga fields located in
 the central Gulf of Mexico. The Constitution Oil Pipeline
 connects with our Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline and Poseidon Oil Pipeline
 System at a pipeline junction
platform. 

 With respect to natural gas processing
capacity, the utilization rates (on a weighted-average basis) of our offshore
platforms were approximately 39.4%, 36.5% and 28.6% during the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. With respect to crude
oil processing capacity, the utilization rates (on a weighted-average basis) of
our offshore platforms were approximately 13.6%, 16.9% and 26.1% during the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. For
recently constructed assets, these rates reflect the periods since the dates
such assets were placed into service. In addition to our offshore hub
platforms, we also own or have an ownership interest in 13 pipeline junction and
service platforms. Our pipeline junction and service platforms do not
have processing capacity. 
 
 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal Gulf
of Mexico offshore hub platforms. We operate these platforms with the
exception of the Independence Hub and Marco Polo platforms. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Independence Hub
 platform is located in Mississippi Canyon Block
 920. This platform processes natural gas gathered from
 deepwater production fields in the Atwater Valley, DeSoto Canyon, Lloyd
 Ridge and Mississippi Canyon areas of the Gulf of
 Mexico. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Marco Polo
 platform, which is located in Green Canyon Block 608, processes
 crude oil and natural gas from the Marco Polo, K2, K2 North and Genghis
 Khan fields. These fields are located in the South Green Canyon
 area of the Gulf of Mexico. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Viosca Knoll 817 
 platform is centrally located on our Viosca Knoll Gathering
 System. This platform primarily serves as a base for gathering
 deepwater production in the area, including the Ram Powell
 development. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Garden Banks 72 
 platform serves as a base for gathering deepwater production from the
 Garden Banks Block 161 development and the Garden Banks Block 378 and 158
 leases. This platform also serves as a junction platform for
 our Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline and Poseidon Oil Pipeline
 System. 

 &#167; 

 The
 East Cameron 373 
 platform serves as the host for East Cameron Block 373 production and also
 processes production from Garden Banks Blocks 108, 152, 197, 200 and
 201. 

 25 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 The
 Falcon Nest 
 platform, which is located in the Mustang Island Block 103 area of the
 Gulf of Mexico, processes natural gas from the Falcon
 field. 

 Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services 
 
 Our
Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment consists of (i)
propylene fractionation plants and related activities, (ii) butane isomerization
facilities, (iii) an octane enhancement facility, (iv) refined products
pipelines, including our Products Pipeline System (as defined below), and
related activities and (v) marine transportation and other
services. 
 
 Propylene
fractionation and related activities . Our propylene fractionation
and related activities primarily consist of two propylene fractionation plants
(one located in Mont Belvieu, Texas and the other in Baton Rouge, Louisiana),
propylene pipeline systems aggregating approximately 670 miles in length and
related petrochemical marketing activities. This business includes an
export facility and associated above-ground polymer grade propylene storage
spheres located in Seabrook, Texas. 
 
 In general, propylene fractionation
plants separate refinery grade propylene, which is a mixture of propane and
propylene, into either polymer grade propylene or chemical grade propylene along
with by-products of propane and mixed butane. Polymer grade and
chemical grade propylene can also be produced as a by-product of ethylene
production. The demand for polymer grade propylene primarily relates
to the manufacture of polypropylene, which has a variety of end uses including
packaging film, fiber for carpets and upholstery and molded plastic parts for
appliances and automotive, houseware and medical products. Chemical
grade propylene is a basic petrochemical used in the manufacturing of plastics,
synthetic fibers and foams. 
 
 Results
of operations for our polymer grade propylene plants are generally dependent
upon toll processing arrangements and petrochemical marketing
activities. The toll processing arrangements typically include a
base-processing fee per gallon (or other unit of measurement) subject to
adjustment for changes in natural gas, electricity and labor costs, which are
the primary costs of propylene fractionation. Our petrochemical
marketing activities generate revenues from the purchase and fractionation of
refinery grade propylene in the open market and the sale and delivery of
products obtained through our propylene fractionation activities. In
general, we sell our petrochemical products at market-based prices, which may
include pricing differentials for such factors as delivery
location. The majority of revenues from our propylene pipelines are
based upon a transportation fee per unit of volume multiplied by the volume
delivered to the customer. 
 
 As part
of our petrochemical marketing activities, we have several long-term refinery
grade purchase and polymer grade propylene sales agreements. To limit
the exposure of our petrochemical marketing activities to commodity price risk,
we attempt to match the timing and price of our feedstock purchases with those
of the sales of end products. 
 
 Butane
isomerization .
 Our butane isomerization business includes three butamer reactor units
and eight associated deisobutanizer units located in Mont Belvieu, Texas, which
comprise the largest commercial isomerization facility in the United
States. In addition, this business includes a 70-mile pipeline system
used to transport high-purity isobutane from Mont Belvieu, Texas to Port Neches,
Texas. 
 
 Our commercial isomerization units
convert normal butane into mixed butane, which is subsequently fractionated into
isobutane, high-purity isobutane and residual normal butane. The
primary uses of isobutane are for the production of propylene oxide, isooctane
and alkylate for motor gasoline. The demand for commercial
isomerization services depends upon the industry';s requirements for high purity
isobutane and isobutane in excess of naturally occurring isobutane produced from
NGL fractionation and refinery operations. 
 
 The results of operation of this
business are generally dependent upon the volume of normal and mixed butanes
processed and the level of toll processing fees charged to
customers. These processing arrangements typically include a
base-processing fee per gallon (or other unit of measurement) subject
to 

 26 

 Table of Contents 

 adjustment
for changes in natural gas, electricity and labor costs, which are the primary
costs of isomerization. Our isomerization facility provides
processing services to meet the needs of third-party customers and our other
businesses, including our NGL marketing activities and octane enhancement
production facility. 
 
 Octane
enhancement . We own and operate an octane enhancement
production facility located in Mont Belvieu, Texas that is designed to produce
isooctane, isobutylene and methyl tertiary butyl ether
(";MTBE";). These products are used in reformulated motor gasoline
blends to increase octane values. The high-purity isobutane
feedstocks consumed in the production of these products are supplied by our
isomerization units. To the extent that MTBE is produced at the
facility, it is sold into the export market. The results of
operations of this business are generally dependent upon the sale and delivery
of products produced. In general, we sell our octane enhancement
products at market-based prices, which may include pricing differentials for
such factors as delivery location. We attempt to mitigate price risk
by entering into certain commodity hedging transactions. This
facility undergoes an annual maintenance turnaround that generally occurs during
the first quarter of each year. During these periods of shutdown, the
plant may incur operating losses. 
 
 Refined
products pipelines and related activities . Our refined
products pipelines and related activities primarily consist of (i) a regulated
4,700-mile products pipeline system and related terminal operations (the
";Products Pipeline System";) that generally extends in a northeasterly direction
from the upper Texas Gulf Coast to the northeast United States and (ii) a 50%
joint venture interest in Centennial Pipeline LLC (";Centennial";), which owns a
794-mile refined products pipeline system that extends from the upper Texas Gulf
Coast to central Illinois (the ";Centennial Pipeline";). 
 
 The Products Pipeline System transports
refined products, and to a lesser extent, petrochemicals such as ethylene and
propylene and NGLs such as propane and normal butane. These refined
products are produced by refineries and include gasoline, diesel fuel, aviation
fuel, kerosene, distillates and heating oil. Refined products
also include blend stocks such as raffinate and naphtha. Blend stocks
are primarily used to produce gasoline or as a feedstock for certain
petrochemicals. The Centennial Pipeline intersects our Products
Pipeline System near Creal Springs, Illinois, and effectively loops the Products
Pipeline System between Beaumont, Texas and south Illinois. Looping
the Products Pipeline System permits effective supply of products to points
south of Illinois as well as incremental product supply capacity to other
Midcontinent markets. 
 
 Our
refined products pipelines and related activities include the distribution and
marketing operations we provide at our Aberdeen, Mississippi and Boligee,
Alabama river terminals. In the fourth quarter of 2009, we expanded
the terminaling and marketing operations associated with our refined products
pipeline business. These activities generated nominal amounts of
gross operating margin during 2009; however, we expect that our refined products
marketing activities will increase beginning in 2010 in an effort to increase
the utilization of our portfolio of refined products pipelines and terminal
assets. 
 
 The results of operations of our
refined products pipelines are primarily dependent on the tariffs charged to
customers to transport products. The tariffs charged for such
services are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including
the FERC. Our related marketing activities generate revenues from the
sale and delivery of refined products obtained from third parties on the open
market. In general, we sell our refined products at market-based
prices, which may include pricing differentials for such factors as delivery
location. 
 
 Marine
transportation and other services . Our marine transportation
business consists of tow boats and tank barges that are used primarily to
transport refined products, crude oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil and
other heated oil products along key inland and intercoastal U.S.
waterways. Our marine transportation assets service refinery and
storage terminal customers along the Mississippi, Illinois and Ohio rivers, the
Intracoastal Waterway between Texas and Florida and the Tennessee-Tombigbee
Waterway system. In addition, we provide marine vessel fueling
services for cruise liners and cargo ships as well as other ship-assist services
in Miami, Florida. Other non-marine services consist of
the 

 27 

 Table of Contents 

 distribution
of lubrication oils and specialty chemicals and the bulk transportation of fuels
by truck, principally in Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and the Rocky Mountain
region of the United States. 
 
 The
results of operations of our marine transportation business, which we entered
into in February 2008 upon the acquisition of tow boats, tank barges and related
assets from Cenac Towing Co., Inc. and affiliates (collectively, ";Cenac";), are
generally dependent upon the level of fees charged to transport
cargo. Transportation services are typically provided under term
contracts (also referred to as affreightment contracts), which are agreements
with specific customers to transport cargo from within designated operating
areas at set day rates or a set fee per cargo movement. 
 
 The
results of operations from the distribution of lubrication oils and specialty
chemicals and the bulk transportation of fuels are dependent on the sales price
or transportation fees that we charge our customers. 
 
 Seasonality . Overall,
the propylene fractionation business exhibits little seasonality. Our
isomerization operations experience slightly higher levels of demand in the
spring and summer months due to increased demand for isobutane-based fuel
additives used in the production of motor gasoline. Likewise, octane
additive prices have been stronger during the April to September period of each
year, which corresponds with the summer driving season, when motor gasoline
demand increases. 
 
 Our
refined products pipelines and related activities exhibit seasonality based upon
the mix of products delivered and the weather and economic conditions in the
geographic areas being served. Refined products volumes are generally
higher during the second and third quarters of each year because of greater
demand for motor gasoline during the spring and summer driving
seasons. NGL transportation volumes on the Products Pipeline System
are generally higher from October through March due to higher demand for propane
(for residential heating) and normal butane (for blending in motor
gasoline). 
 
 Our
marine transportation business exhibits some seasonal
variation. Demand for motor gasoline and asphalt is generally
stronger in the spring and summer months due to the summer driving season and
when weather allows for more efficient road construction. Weather
events, such as hurricanes and tropical storms in the Gulf of Mexico, can
adversely impact both the offshore and inland businesses. Generally
during the winter months, cold weather and ice can negatively impact the inland
operations on the upper Mississippi and Illinois rivers. 
 
 Competition . We compete with numerous
producers of polymer grade propylene, which include many of the major refiners
and petrochemical companies located along the Gulf Coast. Generally,
our propylene fractionation business competes in terms of the level of toll
processing fees charged and access to pipeline and storage
infrastructure. Our petrochemical marketing activities encounter
competition from fully integrated oil companies and various petrochemical
companies. Our petrochemical marketing competitors have varying
levels of financial and personnel resources and competition generally revolves
around price, quality of customer service, logistics and location. 
 
 With
respect to our isomerization operations, we compete primarily with facilities
located in Kansas, Louisiana and New Mexico. Competitive factors
affecting this business include the level of toll processing fees charged, the
quality of isobutane that can be produced and access to pipeline and storage
supporting infrastructure. We compete with other octane additive
manufacturing companies primarily on the basis of price. 
 
 The
Products Pipeline System';s most significant competitors are third-party
pipelines in the areas where it delivers products. Competition among
common carrier pipelines is based primarily on transportation fees, quality of
customer service and proximity to end users. Trucks, barges and
railroads competitively deliver products into some of the areas served by our
Products Pipeline System and river terminals. The Products Pipeline
System faces competition from rail and pipeline movements of NGLs from Canada
and waterborne imports into terminals located along the upper East
Coast. 

 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
marine transportation business competes with other inland marine transportation
companies as well as providers of other modes of transportation, such as rail
tank cars, tractor-trailer tank trucks and, to a limited extent,
pipelines. Competition within the marine transportation business is
largely based on price. 
 
 Properties . The following table
summarizes the significant propylene fractionation, isomerization and octane
enhancement production facilities and petrochemical pipelines included in our
Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment at February 1,
2010, all of which we operate. 

 Net 

 Total 

 Our 

 Plant 

 Plant 

 Ownership 

 Capacity 

 Capacity 

 Length 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (MBPD) 

 (MBPD) 

 (Miles) 

 Propylene
 fractionation facilities: 

 Mont
 Belvieu (six units) 

 Texas 

 Various
 (1) 

 73 

 87 

 BRPC 

 Louisiana 

 30%
 (2) 

 7 

 23 

 Total
 capacity 

 80 

 110 

 Isomerization
 facility: 

 Mont
 Belvieu (3) 

 Texas 

 100% 

 116 

 116 

 Petrochemical
 pipelines: 

 Lou-Tex
 and Sabine Propylene 

 Texas,
 Louisiana 

 100%
 (4) 

 284 

 North
 Dean Pipeline System 

 Texas 

 100% 

 138 

 Texas
 City RGP Gathering System 

 Texas 

 100% 

 86 

 Others
 (6 systems) (5) 

 Texas,
 Louisiana 

 Various
 (6) 

 230 

 Total
 miles 

 738 

 Octane
 enhancement production facilities: 

 Mont
 Belvieu (7) 

 Texas 

 100% 

 12 

 12 

 (1)
 We
 own a 66.7% interest in three of the units, which have an aggregate 41
 MBPD of total plant capacity. In October 2009, we acquired the
 remaining 45.4% of one unit having 17 MBPD of plant
 capacity. We own 100% of the remaining two units. 
 (2)
 Our
 ownership interest in this facility is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Baton Rouge Propylene Concentrator LLC
 (";BRPC";). 
 (3)
 On
 a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were
 approximately 83.6%, 74.1% and 77.6% during the years ended December 31,
 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 (4)
 Reflects
 consolidated ownership of these pipelines by EPO (34%) and Duncan Energy
 Partners (66%). 
 (5)
 Includes
 our Texas City PGP Delivery System and Port Neches, La Porte, Port Arthur,
 Lake Charles and Bayport petrochemical pipelines. 
 (6)
 We
 own 100% of these pipelines with the exception of the 17-mile La Porte
 pipeline, in which we hold an aggregate 50% indirect interest through our
 equity method investments in La Porte Pipeline Company L.P. and La Porte
 Pipeline GP, L.L.C. In addition, we own a 50% undivided
 interest in the Lake Charles pipeline. 
 (7)
 On
 a weighted-average basis, utilization rates for this facility were
 approximately 50%, 58.3% and 58.3% during the years ended December 31,
 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

 We produce polymer grade propylene at
our Mont Belvieu, Texas propylene fractionation facility and chemical grade
propylene at our BRPC facility located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The
primary purpose of the BRPC unit is to fractionate refinery grade propylene
produced by an affiliate of Exxon Mobil Corporation into chemical grade
propylene. The polymer grade propylene produced by our Mont Belvieu
facility is primarily for the benefit of our tolling customers and used in our
petrochemical marketing activities to service long-term third-party supply
contracts. On a weighted-average basis, aggregate utilization rates
of our propylene fractionation facilities were approximately 85%, 72.2% and 86%
during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. As noted previously, this business includes an export
facility and above-ground polymer grade propylene storage
spheres. This facility, which is located on the Houston Ship Channel
in Seabrook, Texas, can load vessels at rates up to 5,000 barrels per
hour. 
 
 The
Lou-Tex Propylene pipeline is used to transport chemical grade propylene from
Sorrento, Louisiana to Mont Belvieu, Texas. The Sabine pipeline is
used to transport polymer grade propylene from Port Arthur, Texas to a
third-party pipeline interconnect located in Cameron Parish,
Louisiana. The North Dean Pipeline System transports refinery grade
propylene from Mont Belvieu, Texas, to Point Comfort, Texas. 

 29 

 Table of Contents 

 The
maximum number of barrels that our petrochemical pipelines can transport per day
depends upon the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between
various segments of the systems. Since the operating balance is
dependent upon the mix of products to be shipped and demand levels at various
delivery points, the exact capacities of our petrochemical pipelines cannot be
reliably determined. We measure the utilization rates of such
pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership
interest. Total net throughput volumes for these pipelines were 124
MBPD, 116 MBPD and 114 MBPD during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively. 
 
 The
following table summarizes the significant refined products pipelines and
related terminal and storage assets included in our Petrochemical & Refined
Products Services business segment at February 1, 2010. 

 Useable 

 Our 

 Storage 

 Ownership 

 Length 

 Capacity 

 Description
 of Asset 

 Location(s) 

 Interest 

 (Miles) 

 (MMBbls) 

 Refined
 products pipelines and terminals: 

 Products
 Pipeline System (1) 

 Texas
 to Midwest and Northeast U.S. 

 100% 

 4,700 

 13.0 

 Centennial
 Pipeline 

 Texas
 to central Illinois 

 50%
 (2) 

 794 

 2.3 

 Other
 pipelines (3) 

 Texas 

 100% 

 210 

 -- 

 River
 terminals (4) 

 Alabama,
 Mississippi 

 100% 

 n/a 

 0.6 

 Total 

 5,704 

 15.9 

 (1)
 In
 addition to the 13 MMBbls of refined products working storage capacity, we
 have 5.4 MMBbls of NGL working storage capacity that is used to support
 operations on our Products Pipeline System. Our NGL storage and
 terminal assets are accounted for under our NGL Pipelines & Services
 business segment. 
 (2)
 Our
 ownership interest in this pipeline is held indirectly through our equity
 method investment in Centennial. 
 (3)
 Our
 Products Pipeline System includes 210 miles of unregulated pipelines in
 south Texas used primarily to transport petrochemical
 products. 
 (4)
 Represents
 product distribution and marketing terminals located in Aberdeen,
 Mississippi and Boligee, Alabama. 

 The
maximum number of barrels that our refined products pipelines can transport per
day depends upon the operating balance achieved at a given point in time between
various segments of the systems. Since the operating balance is
dependent upon the mix of products to be shipped and demand levels at various
delivery points, the exact capacities of our liquids pipelines cannot be
reliably determined. We measure the utilization rates of such
pipelines in terms of net throughput, which is based on our ownership
interest. Total net throughput volumes for the Products Pipeline
System were as follows for the periods presented: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Refined
 products transportation (MBPD) 

 459 

 492 

 542 

 Petrochemical
 transportation (MBPD) 

 118 

 104 

 111 

 NGLs
 transportation (MBPD) 

 105 

 106 

 115 

 The
following information highlights the general use of each of our principal
refined products pipelines and related assets. 

 &#167; 

 The
 Products Pipeline
 System is a regulated pipeline system that transports refined
 products, petrochemicals and NGLs. This pipeline system
 includes receiving, storage and terminaling facilities and is present in
 12 states: Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, Missouri, Illinois,
 Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and New
 York. Our Products Pipeline System transports refined products
 from the upper Texas Gulf Coast, eastern Texas and southern Arkansas to
 the Central and Midwest regions of the United States with deliveries in
 Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and
 Kentucky. At these points, refined products are delivered to
 terminals owned by us, connecting pipelines and customer-owned
 terminals. Petrochemicals are transported on our Products
 Pipeline System between Mont Belvieu, Texas and Port Arthur,
 Texas. Our Products Pipeline System transports NGLs from the
 upper Texas Gulf Coast to the Central, Midwest and Northeast regions of
 the United States and is 

 30 

 Table of Contents 

 the
 only pipeline that transports NGLs from the upper Texas Gulf Coast to the
 Northeast. The Centennial Pipeline effectively loops our
 Products Pipeline System between Beaumont, Texas and southern
 Illinois. 

 In
December 2006, we signed an agreement with Motiva Enterprises, LLC (";Motiva";) to
construct and operate a refined products storage facility to support an
expansion of Motiva';s refinery in Port Arthur, Texas. Under the terms
of the agreement, we will construct 20 storage tanks with a capacity of 5.4
MMBbls for gasoline and distillates, five 5-mile product pipelines connecting
the storage facility to Motiva';s refinery and distribution pipeline connections
to the Colonial, Explorer and Magtex pipelines. As part of a separate
but complementary initiative, we constructed an 11-mile pipeline to connect the
new storage facility in Port Arthur to our refined products terminal in
Beaumont, Texas. 

 &#167; 

 Centennial
 Pipeline is a regulated refined products pipeline system that extends from
 Texas to Illinois. The Centennial Pipeline extends from an
 origination facility located on our Products Pipeline System in Beaumont,
 Texas, to Bourbon, Illinois. Centennial owns a 2.3 MMBbl
 refined products storage terminal located near Creal Springs,
 Illinois. 

 During
2009, we recognized a non-cash asset impairment charge of $17.6 million in
connection with a reduction in future forecasted levels of throughput volumes at
the Aberdeen and Boligee river terminals resulting from the suspension of three
associated proposed river terminal construction projects. In
addition, we accrued a liability of $28.7 million for pipeline deficiency fees
we expect to pay a third-party in the future as a result of the reduced
throughput volume forecast. For information regarding the asset
impairment charge, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included under Item 8 of this annual report. 
 
 The
following table summarizes the significant marine transportation assets included
in our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business segment at
February 1, 2010. 

 Class
 of Equipment 

 Number
 in Class 

 Capacity
 (bbl)/ 
 Horsepower
 (hp) 
 (as
 indicated by sign) 

 Inland
 marine transportation assets: 

 Barges 

 32 

 25,000 bbl 

 Barges 

 96 

 25,000 bbl 

 Tow
 boats 

 32 

 2,000 hp 

 Tow
 boats 

 30 

 =/ 
 2,000 hp 

 Offshore
 marine transportation assets: 

 Barges
 (includes three single-bottom barges) 

 8 

 20,000 bbl 

 Tow
 boats 

 4 

 2,000 hp 

 Tow
 boats 

 3 

 2,000 hp 

 Our fleet
of marine vessels operated at an average utilization rate of 87.5% and 93%
during 2009 and 2008, respectively. These utilization rates reflect
the period since we acquired these marine transportation assets. 
 
 The
marine transportation industry uses tow boats as power sources and tank barges
for freight capacity. We refer to the combination of the power source
and freight capacity as a tow. Our inland tows generally consist of
one tow boat paired with up to four tank barges, depending upon the horsepower
of the tow boat, location, waterway conditions, customer requirements and
prudent operational considerations. Our offshore tows generally
consist of one tow boat and one ocean-certified tank barge. In June
2009, we expanded our marine transportation business with the acquisition of 19
tow boats and 28 tank barges from TransMontaigne Product Services Inc. for $50.0
million in cash. Our marine transportation business is subject to
regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation (";DOT";), Department of
Homeland Security, Commerce Department and the U.S. Coast Guard (";USCG";) and
federal and state laws. 

 31 

 Table of Contents 

 Title
to Properties 
 
 Our real property holdings fall into
two basic categories: (i) parcels that we and our unconsolidated affiliates own
in fee (e.g., we own the land upon which our Mont Belvieu NGL fractionator is
constructed) and (ii) parcels in which our interests and those of our affiliates
are derived from leases, easements, rights-of-way, permits or licenses from
landowners or governmental authorities permitting the use of such land for our
operations. The fee sites upon which our significant facilities are
located have been owned by us or our predecessors in title for many years
without any material challenge known to us relating to title to the land upon
which the assets are located, and we believe that we have satisfactory title to
such fee sites. We and our affiliates have no knowledge of any
challenge to the underlying fee title of any material lease, easement,
right-of-way, permit or license held by us or to our rights pursuant to any
material lease, easement, right-of-way, permit or license, and we believe that
we have satisfactory rights pursuant to all of our material leases, easements,
rights-of-way, permits and licenses. 
 
 Capital
Spending 
 
 For a discussion of our capital
spending programs, see ";Liquidity and Capital Resources"; included under Item 7
of this annual report. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Interstate
Pipelines 
 
 Liquids
Pipelines . Certain of our refined products, crude oil and NGL pipeline
systems (collectively referred to as ";liquids pipelines";) are interstate common
carrier pipelines subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate
Commerce Act (";ICA";) and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (";Energy Policy
Act";). The ICA prescribes that interstate tariffs must be just and
reasonable and must not be unduly discriminatory or confer any undue preference
upon any shipper. FERC regulations require that interstate oil
pipeline transportation rates and terms of service be filed with the FERC and
posted publicly. 
 
 The ICA
permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates or rules
and authorizes the FERC to investigate such changes and to suspend their
effectiveness for a period of up to seven months. If, upon completion
of an investigation, the FERC finds that the new or changed rate is unlawful, it
may require the carrier to refund the revenues together with interest in excess
of the prior tariff during the term of the investigation. The FERC
may also investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates and related
rules that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change them
prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain
reparations for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the
filing of its complaint. 
 
 The
Energy Policy Act deems just and reasonable (i.e., deems ";grandfathered";)
liquids pipeline rates that (i) were in effect for the 12 months preceding
enactment and (ii) that had not been subject to complaint, protest or
investigation. Some, but not all, of our interstate liquids pipeline
rates are considered grandfathered under the Energy Policy
Act. Certain other rates for our interstate liquids pipeline services
are charged pursuant to a FERC-approved indexing methodology, which allows a
pipeline to charge rates up to a prescribed ceiling that changes annually based
on the change from year-to-year in the Producer Price Index for finished goods
(";PPI";). A rate increase within the indexed rate ceiling is presumed
to be just and reasonable unless a protesting party can demonstrate that the
rate increase is substantially in excess of the pipeline';s
costs. Effective March 21, 2006, the FERC concluded that for the
five-year period commencing July 1, 2006, liquids pipelines charging indexed
rates may adjust their indexed ceilings annually by the PPI plus
1.3%. Prior to the end of that five year period, the FERC will once
again review the PPI to determine whether it continues to measure adequately the
cost changes in the liquids pipeline industry. 
 
 As an
alternative to using the indexing methodology, interstate liquids pipelines may
elect to support rate filings by using a cost-of-service methodology,
competitive market showings (";Market-Based Rates";) or agreements with all of the
pipeline';s shippers that the rate is acceptable. Our Products
Pipeline 

 32 

 Table of Contents 

 System
has been granted permission by the FERC to utilize Market-Based Rates for all of
its refined products movements other than the Little Rock, Arkansas, and the
Arcadia destination within the Shreveport-Arcadia, Louisiana destination
markets, which are currently subject to the PPI. 
 
 Due to
the complexity of ratemaking, the lawfulness of any rate is never
assured. Prescribed rate methodologies for approving regulated tariff
rates may limit our ability to set rates based on our actual costs or may delay
the use of rates reflecting higher costs. Changes in the FERC';s
methodology for approving rates could adversely affect us. In
addition, challenges to our tariff rates could be filed with the FERC and
decisions by the FERC in approving our regulated rates could adversely affect
our cash flow. We believe the transportation rates currently charged
by our interstate common carrier liquids pipelines are in accordance with the
ICA. However, we cannot predict the rates we will be allowed to
charge in the future for transportation services by such pipelines. 
 
 Mid-America
Pipeline Company, LLC (";Mid-America";) and Seminole are currently involved in a
rate case before the FERC. The case primarily involves shipper
protests of rate increases on Mid-America';s Northern System in FERC Docket
Nos. IS05-216-000, IS06-238-000 and IS09-364-000, and challenges to
Seminole';s interstate rates and certain joint rates between Seminole and
Mid-America';s Rocky Mountain System in FERC Docket Nos. OR06-5-000 and
IS06-520-000. A hearing before an Administrative Law Judge began on
October 2, 2007 and culminated with an initial decision on September 3,
2008. On October 23, 2009, the FERC approved an uncontested
settlement agreement between Mid-America and the primary parties protesting the
Northern System rates, which resolved all matters involving Mid-America';s
Northern System at issue in Docket Nos. IS05-216-000, IS06-238-000 and
IS09-364-000. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Mid-America filed
new rates for certain propane movements on the Northern System, which took
effect January 1, 2010. Mid-America has also paid refunds to propane
shippers, as provided by the settlement agreement. 
 
 The
settlement agreement did not cover the challenges to the Seminole and
Mid-America Rocky Mountain System rates at issue in Docket Nos. OR06-5-000 and
IS06-520-000. On February 18, 2010, the FERC ruled on those issues,
affirming the Initial Decision in all respects. The FERC';s order also
clarified that Mid-America';s capacity allocation provisions were not subject to
challenge in the case but that the changes to Mid-America';s rates contained in
FERC Tariff No. 45 were properly at issue. The FERC required Seminole
and Mid-America to file revised rates in compliance with its order by March 22,
2010. 
 
 On
November 5, 2009, Flint Hills Resources, LP (";Flint Hills";) filed a
complaint against Mid-America at the FERC in Docket No. OR10-2-000. 
The Flint Hills complaint challenges the rates for certain movements of butane,
isobutane, natural gasoline, naphtha and refinery grade butane on Mid-America';s
Northern System. On February 2, 2010, the FERC issued an order
establishing hearing procedures but holding them in abeyance subject to
settlement discussions. We are unable to predict the outcome of this
litigation. 
 
 The
Lou-Tex Propylene and Sabine Propylene pipelines are interstate common carrier
pipelines regulated under the ICA by the Surface Transportation Board
(";STB";). If the STB finds that a carrier';s rates are not just and
reasonable or are unduly discriminatory or preferential, it may prescribe a
reasonable rate. In determining a reasonable rate, the STB will
consider, among other factors, the effect of the rate on the volumes transported
by that carrier, the carrier';s revenue needs and the availability of other
economic transportation alternatives. 
 
 The STB
does not need to provide rate relief unless shippers lack effective competitive
alternatives. If the STB determines that effective competitive
alternatives are not available and a pipeline holds market power, then we may be
required to show that our rates are reasonable. 
 
 Natural
Gas Pipelines . Our interstate natural gas pipelines and storage
facilities that provide services in interstate commerce are regulated by the
FERC under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 (";NGA";). Under the NGA, the
rates for service on these interstate facilities must be just and reasonable and
not unduly discriminatory. We operate these interstate facilities
pursuant to tariffs which set forth rates and terms and conditions of
service. These tariffs must be filed with and approved by the FERC
pursuant to its 

 33 

 Table of Contents 

 regulations
and orders. Our tariff rates may be lowered on a prospective basis
only by the FERC if it finds, on its own initiative or as a result of challenges
to the rates by third parties, that they are unjust, unreasonable or otherwise
unlawful. Unless the FERC grants specific authority to charge
market-based rates, our rates are derived and charged based on a cost-of-service
methodology. 
 
 The
FERC';s authority over companies that provide natural gas pipeline transportation
or storage services in interstate commerce also includes: (i) certification,
construction, and operation of certain new facilities; (ii) the acquisition,
extension, disposition or abandonment of such facilities; (iii) the maintenance
of accounts and records; (iv) the initiation, extension and termination of
regulated services and (v) various other matters. The FERC';s rules
require interstate pipelines and their affiliates to adhere to Standards of
Conduct that, among other things, require that transportation employees function
independently of marketing employees. The Energy Policy Act of 2005
amended the NGA to add an anti-manipulation provision. Pursuant to
that act, the FERC established rules prohibiting energy market
manipulation. A violation of these rules may subject us to civil
penalties, disgorgement of unjust profits, or appropriate non-monetary remedies
imposed by the FERC. In addition, the Energy Policy Act of 2005
amended the NGA and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 (";NGPA";) to increase
civil and criminal penalties for any violation of the NGA, NGPA and any rules,
regulations or orders of the FERC up to $1.0 million per day per
violation. 
 
 In March
2009, we submitted to the FERC a general rate change application under Section 4
of the NGA proposing, among other things, an increase in the firm and
interruptible transportation rates for High Island Offshore System,
LLC. On April 23, 2009, the FERC issued an order accepting the rates
subject to refund, conditions and the outcome of an evidentiary
hearing. The rates went into effect subject to refund in October
2009. In February 2010, the FERC';s Staff and the active intervenors
reached an agreement in principle that, if filed as a formal settlement and
approved by the FERC, will resolve all outstanding issues in the
proceeding. Pending the FERC';s action on the proposed settlement, the
hearing procedures will be held in abeyance. 
 
 Offshore
Pipelines . Our offshore natural gas gathering pipelines and crude oil
pipeline systems are subject to federal regulation under the Outer Continental
Shelf Lands Act, which requires that all pipelines operating on or across the
outer continental shelf provide nondiscriminatory transportation
service. 
 
 Intrastate
Pipelines 
 
 Liquids
Pipelines .
 Certain of our pipeline systems operate within a single state and provide
intrastate pipeline transportation services. These pipeline systems
are subject to various regulations and statutes mandated by state regulatory
authorities. Although the applicable state statutes and regulations
vary widely, they generally require that intrastate pipelines publish tariffs
setting forth all rates, rules and regulations applying to intrastate service,
and generally require that pipeline rates and practices be reasonable and
nondiscriminatory. Shippers may challenge our intrastate tariff rates
and practices on our pipelines. Our intrastate liquids pipelines are
subject to regulation in many states, including Alabama, Colorado, Illinois,
Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oklahoma and
Texas. 
 
 Natural
Gas Pipelines . Our intrastate natural gas pipelines are subject to
regulation in many states, including Alabama, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi,
New Mexico and Texas. Certain of our intrastate natural gas pipelines
are also subject to limited regulation by the FERC under the NGPA because they
provide transportation and storage service pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA
and Part 284 of the FERC';s regulations. Under Section 311 of the
NGPA, an intrastate pipeline may transport gas on behalf of an interstate
pipeline company or any local distribution company served by an interstate
pipeline without becoming subject to the FERC';s jurisdiction under the
NGA. However, such a pipeline is required to provide these services
on an open and nondiscriminatory basis, and to make certain rate and other
filings and reports in compliance with the FERC';s regulations. The
rates for Section 311 services may be established by the FERC or the respective
state agency, but such rates may not exceed a fair and equitable
rate. 

 34 

 Table of Contents 

 In
September 2007, the FERC approved an uncontested settlement establishing our
maximum firm and interruptible transportation rates for NGPA Section 311 service
on the Enterprise Texas Pipeline. In June and July 2008, we filed to
amend our Statement of Operating Conditions (";SOC";) for our transportation and
storage services, respectively. In September 2008, we submitted to
the FERC a new proposed Section 311 rate for service on our Sherman Extension
pipeline. On November 23, 2009, we filed an uncontested settlement
agreement, which, if approved, would resolve the Sherman Extension rate
issues. The other issues related to the SOC are reserved under the
settlement agreement for a decision by the FERC based on the
pleadings. Under the settlement agreement that resulted from the
September 2007 proceeding, we are required to file another rate petition on or
before April 2010 to justify our current rates or establish new rates for the
NGPA Section 311 service on the remainder of the system. The FERC has
not acted upon the settlement agreement. The Texas Railroad
Commission has the authority to regulate the rates and terms of service for our
intrastate transportation service in Texas. 
 
 In
September 2007, the FERC also approved an uncontested settlement establishing
our maximum firm and interruptible transportation rates for NGPA Section 311
service on the Enterprise Alabama Intrastate Pipeline. We are
required to file another rate petition on or before May 2010 to justify our
current rates or establish new rates for NGPA Section 311
service. The Alabama Public Service Commission has the authority to
regulate the rates and terms of service for our intrastate transportation
service in Alabama. 
 
 In July
2009, we filed with the FERC proposed changes to our SOC and to increase our
interruptible transportation rates for NGPA Section 311 service for the Acadian
and Cypress pipelines, which are part of our Acadian Gas System. On
December 8, 2009, the FERC issued an order extending its review period to
encourage settlement discussions. Settlement negotiations are
on-going. 
 
 Sales
of Natural Gas 
 
 We are engaged in natural gas marketing
activities. The resale of natural gas in interstate commerce is
subject to FERC jurisdiction. However, under current federal rules
the price at which we sell natural gas is not regulated insofar as the
interstate market is concerned and, for the most part, is not subject to state
regulation. Our affiliates that engage in natural gas marketing are
considered marketing affiliates of certain of our interstate natural gas
pipelines. The FERC';s rules require pipelines and their marketing
affiliates who sell natural gas in interstate commerce subject to the FERC';s
jurisdiction to adhere to standards of conduct that, among other things, require
that their transportation and marketing employees function independently of each
other. Pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005, the FERC has also
established rules prohibiting energy market manipulation. A violation
of these rules by us or our employees or agents may subject us to civil
penalties, suspension or loss of authorization to perform such sales,
disgorgement of unjust profits or other appropriate non-monetary remedies
imposed by the FERC. The Federal Trade Commission and the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission also have issued rules and regulations prohibiting
market manipulation. 
 
 The FERC
is continually proposing and implementing new rules and regulations affecting
segments of the natural gas industry. For example, the FERC has
adopted new market monitoring and annual reporting regulations which are
applicable to many intrastate pipelines and other entities that are otherwise
not subject to the FERC';s NGA jurisdiction. The FERC also has
established rules requiring certain non-interstate pipelines to post daily
scheduled volume information and design capacity for certain points, and has
also required the annual reporting of gas sales information, in order to
increase transparency in natural gas markets. Non-interstate service
providers, which include NGPA Section 311 service providers, are required to
begin posting the information by June 30, 2010. We cannot predict the
ultimate impact of these regulatory changes on our natural gas marketing
activities; however, we believe that any new regulations will also be applied to
other natural gas marketers with whom we compete. 

 35 

 Table of Contents 

 Marine
Operations 
 
 Maritime
Law . The operation of tow boats, barges and marine equipment
create maritime obligations involving property, personnel and cargo under
General Maritime Law. These obligations can create risks which are
varied and include, among other things, the risk of collision and allision,
which may precipitate claims for personal injury, cargo, contract, pollution,
third-party claims and property damages to vessels and
facilities. Routine towage operations can also create risk of
personal injury under the Jones Act and General Maritime Law, cargo claims
involving the quality of a product and delivery, terminal claims, contractual
claims and regulatory issues. 
 
 Jones
Act . The Jones Act is a federal law that restricts maritime
transportation between locations in the United States to vessels built and
registered in the United States and owned and manned by United States
citizens. As a result of our marine transportation business
acquisition on February 1, 2008, we now engage in coastwise maritime
transportation between locations in the United States, and as such, we are
subject to the provisions of the Jones Act. As a result, we are
responsible for monitoring the ownership of our subsidiary that engages in
maritime transportation and for taking any remedial action necessary to insure
that no violation of the Jones Act ownership restrictions occurs. The
Jones Act also requires that all United States-flag vessels be manned by United
States citizens. Foreign seamen generally receive lower wages and
benefits than those received by United States citizen seamen. This
requirement significantly increases operating costs of United States-flag vessel
operations compared to foreign-flag vessel operations. Certain
foreign governments subsidize their nations'; shipyards. This results
in lower shipyard costs both for new vessels and repairs than those paid by
United States-flag vessel owners. The USCG and American Bureau of
Shipping (";ABS";) maintain the most stringent regime of vessel inspection in the
world, which tends to result in higher regulatory compliance costs for United
States-flag operators than for owners of vessels registered under foreign flags
of convenience. Following Hurricane Katrina, and again after
Hurricane Rita, emergency suspensions of the Jones Act were effectuated by the
United States government. The last suspension ended on October 24,
2005. Future suspensions of the Jones Act or other similar actions
could adversely affect our cash flow. The Jones Act and General
Maritime Law also provide damage remedies for crew members injured in the
service of the vessel arising from employer negligence or vessel
unseaworthiness. In certain circumstances, a Jones Act seaman can
have dual employers under the borrowed servant doctrine. 
 
 Merchant
Marine Act of 1936 . The Merchant
Marine Act of 1936 is a federal law that provides that, upon proclamation by the
president of the United States of a national emergency or a threat to the
national security, the United States Secretary of Transportation may requisition
or purchase any vessel or other watercraft owned by United States citizens
(including us, provided that we are considered a United States citizen for this
purpose). If one of our tow boats or barges were purchased or
requisitioned by the United States government under this law, we would be
entitled to be paid the fair market value of the vessel in the case of a
purchase or, in the case of a requisition, the fair market value of charter
hire. However, if one of our tow boats is requisitioned or purchased
and its associated barge or barges are left idle, we would not be entitled to
receive any compensation for the lost revenues resulting from the idled
barges. We also would not be entitled to be compensated for any
consequential damages we suffer as a result of the requisition or purchase of
any of our tow boats or barges. 
 
 For
additional information regarding the potential impact of federal, state or local
regulatory measures on our business, please read Item 1A ";Risk Factors"; of this
annual report. 
 
 Environmental
and Safety Matters 
 
 Our
pipelines and other facilities are subject to multiple environmental obligations
and potential liabilities under a variety of federal, state and local laws and
regulations. These include, without limitation: the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (";CERCLA";); the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act (";RCRA";); the Federal Clean Air Act (";CAA";); the
Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, renamed and amended as the Clean
Water Act (";CWA";); the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (";OPA";); and analogous state
and local laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations affect many
aspects of our present and future operations, and generally require us to obtain
and comply with a 

 36 

 Table of Contents 

 wide
variety of environmental registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other
approvals, with respect to air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges
and solid and hazardous waste management. Failure to comply with
these requirements may expose us to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our
operations that could influence our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. If an accidental leak, spill or release of hazardous
substances occurs at any facilities that we own, operate or otherwise use, or
where we send materials for treatment or disposal, we could be held jointly and
severally liable for all resulting liabilities, including investigation,
remedial and clean-up costs. Likewise, we could be required to remove
or remediate previously disposed wastes or property contamination, including
groundwater contamination. Any or all of this could materially affect
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We
believe our operations are in material compliance with applicable environmental
and safety laws and regulations, other than certain matters discussed in Note 18
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this annual
report, and that compliance with existing environmental and safety laws and
regulations are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. Environmental and
safety laws and regulations are subject to change. The clear trend in
environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on
activities that may be perceived to affect the environment, and thus there can
be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for
environmental regulation compliance or remediation, and actual future
expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently
anticipate. Revised or additional regulations that result in
increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if
those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. Below is a discussion of the material environmental laws
and regulations that relate to our business. 
 
 Air
Emissions 
 
 Our operations are subject to the CAA
and comparable state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
regulate emissions of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including
our facilities, and also impose various monitoring and reporting
requirements. Such laws and regulations may require that we obtain
pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or
facilities expected to produce air emissions or result in the increase of
existing air emissions, obtain and strictly comply with air permits containing
various emissions and operational limitations, or utilize specific emission
control technologies to limit emissions. 
 
 Our permits and related compliance
under the CAA, as well as recent or soon to be adopted changes to state
implementation plans for controlling air emissions in regional, non-attainment
areas, may require our operations to incur future capital expenditures in
connection with the addition or modification of existing air emission control
equipment and strategies. In addition, some of our facilities are
included within the categories of hazardous air pollutant sources, which are
subject to increasing regulation under the CAA. Our failure to comply
with these requirements could subject us to monetary penalties, injunctions,
conditions or restrictions on operations, and enforcement actions. We
may be required to incur certain capital expenditures in the future for air
pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining
operating permits and approvals for air emissions. We believe,
however, that such requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our
operations, and the requirements are not expected to be any more burdensome to
us than any other similarly situated company. 
 
 In
response to certain scientific studies suggesting that emissions of certain
gases, commonly referred to as ";greenhouse gases"; and including carbon dioxide
and methane, are contributing to the warming of the Earth';s atmosphere and other
climatic changes, the U.S. Congress has been actively considering legislation to
reduce such emissions. On June 26, 2009, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009
(";ACESA";), which would establish an economy-wide cap-and-trade program intended
to reduce U.S. emissions of ";greenhouse gases"; including carbon dioxide and
methane that may contribute to warming of the Earth';s atmosphere and other
climatic changes. ACESA would require a 17% reduction in greenhouse
gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2020 and just over an 80% reduction of such
emissions by 2050. Under this legislation, the Environmental
 Protection
Agency (";EPA";) would issue a capped and steadily declining number of tradable
emissions 

 37 

 Table of Contents 

 allowances
to major sources of greenhouse gas emissions so that such sources could continue
to emit greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. The costs of these
allowances would be expected to escalate significantly over time. The
U.S. Senate has begun work on its own legislation for restricting domestic
greenhouse gas emissions and President Obama has indicated his support of
legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through an emission allowance
system. Although it is not possible at this time to predict when the
Senate may act on climate change legislation or how any bill passed by the
Senate would be reconciled with ACESA, any future federal laws or implementing
regulations that may be adopted to address greenhouse gas emissions could
require us to incur increased operating costs and could adversely affect demand
for the natural gas or other hydrocarbon products that we transport, store or
otherwise handle in connection with our midstream services. 
 
 In
addition, on December 7, 2009, the EPA announced its finding that emissions of
greenhouse gases presented an endangerment to human health and the
environment. These findings by the EPA allow the agency to proceed
with the adoption and implementation of regulations that would restrict
emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the
CAA. In late September 2009, the EPA had proposed two sets of
regulations in anticipation of finalizing its endangerment finding that would
require a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles and,
also, could trigger permit review for greenhouse gas emissions from certain
stationary sources. In addition, on September 22, 2009, the EPA
issued a final rule requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from
specified large greenhouse gas emission sources in the United States beginning
in 2011 for emissions occurring in 2010. 
 
 The
adoption and implementation of any regulations imposing reporting obligations
on, or limiting emissions of greenhouse gases from, our equipment and operations
could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases
associated with our operations or could adversely affect demand for the crude
oil, natural gas or other hydrocarbon products that we transport, store or
otherwise handle in connection with our midstream services. The
potential increase in the costs of our operations could include costs to operate
and maintain our facilities, install new emission controls on our facilities,
acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay any taxes
related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse
gas emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of
such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines or other facilities,
such recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control,
including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC and the
provisions of any final regulations. 
 
 Even if
such legislation is not adopted at the national level, more than one-third of
the states have begun taking actions to control and/or reduce emissions of
greenhouse gases, primarily through the planned development of greenhouse gas
emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade
programs. Although most of the state-level initiatives have to date
focused on large sources of greenhouse gas emissions, such as coal-fired
electric plants, it is possible that smaller sources of emissions could become
subject to greenhouse gas emission limitations or allowance purchase
requirements in the future. Any one of these climate change
regulatory and legislative initiatives could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Other
Potential Impacts of Climate Change 
 
 Over the last hundred years or so,
certain instrumental temperature records have evidenced a general increase in
global mean temperature. As a result, certain public advocacy groups
attribute this rise to a phenomenon termed ";global
warming."; Proponents of this theory argue that man-made greenhouse
gases have produced observable changes in the environment such as shrinkage of
the Arctic ice caps, releases of terrestrial carbon from permafrost regions and
increases in sea level. In addition, these individuals believe that
global warming will result in a continued increase in global average
temperatures over the course of this century, with a probable increase in the
frequency of extreme weather events, and changes in rainfall
patterns. Based on computer models promoted by these groups, certain
areas of the globe might benefit from such changes, while other areas would
experience costs. Severe global climate change could even result in
reduced diversity of ecosystems and the extinction of certain
species. 

 38 

 Table of Contents 

 There is considerable debate in public
and private forums as to whether global warming is actually occurring and, if it
is, its consequences. However, if global warming is occurring, it
could have an impact on our operations. For example, our facilities
that are located in low lying areas such as the coastal regions of Louisiana may
be at increased risk due to flooding or more frequent and severe weather
events. Also, a reduction in the demand for hydrocarbon products that
are deemed to contribute to greenhouse gases may reduce volumes available to us
for processing, transportation, marketing and storage. Unfortunately,
there is currently no public consensus regarding global warming, and the
scientific community is divided on the subject. We are providing this
disclosure regarding the potential physical effects of global warming based on
publicly available information and opinions on the matter. As a
commercial enterprise, we are not in a position to validate or repudiate the
existence of global warming. 
 
 Water 
 
 The CWA and comparable state laws
impose strict controls on the discharge of oil and its derivatives into
navigable waters. The CWA provides penalties for any discharges of
petroleum products in reportable quantities and imposes substantial potential
liability for the costs of removing petroleum or other hazardous
substances. State laws for the control of water pollution also
provide varying civil and criminal penalties and liabilities in the case of a
release of petroleum or its derivatives in navigable waters or into
groundwater. Spill prevention control and countermeasure requirements
of federal laws require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to
help prevent a petroleum tank release from impacting navigable
waters. The EPA has also adopted regulations that require us to have
permits in order to discharge certain storm water run-off. Storm
water discharge permits may also be required by certain states in which we
operate. These permits may require us to monitor and sample the storm
water run-off. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder further
prohibit discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of
the United States unless authorized by an appropriately issued
permit. We believe that our costs of compliance with these CWA
requirements will not have a material adverse effect on our
operations. 
 
 The primary federal law for oil spill
liability is the OPA, which addresses three principal areas of oil pollution:
prevention, containment and cleanup and liability. OPA applies to
vessels, offshore platforms and onshore facilities, including terminals,
pipelines and transfer facilities. In order to handle, store or
transport oil, shore facilities are required to file oil spill response plans
with the USCG, the United States Department of Transportation Office of Pipeline
Safety (";OPS";) or the EPA, as appropriate. Numerous states have
enacted laws similar to OPA. Under OPA and similar state laws,
responsible parties for a regulated facility from which oil is discharged may be
liable for removal costs and natural resource damages. Any
unpermitted release of petroleum or other pollutants from our pipelines or
facilities could result in fines or penalties as well as significant remedial
obligations. 
 
 Contamination resulting from spills or
releases of petroleum products is an inherent risk within the petroleum pipeline
industry. To the extent that groundwater contamination requiring
remediation exists along our pipeline systems as a result of past operations, we
believe any such contamination could be controlled or remedied without having a
material adverse effect on our financial position, but such costs are site
specific, and there is no assurance that the effect will not be material in the
aggregate. 
 
 Solid
Waste 
 
 In our normal operations, we generate
hazardous and non-hazardous solid wastes that are subject to requirements of the
federal RCRA and comparable state statutes, which impose detailed requirements
for the handling, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous and solid
waste. We also utilize waste minimization and recycling processes to
reduce the volumes of our waste. Amendments to RCRA required the EPA
to promulgate regulations banning the land disposal of all hazardous wastes
unless the wastes meet certain treatment standards or the land-disposal method
meets certain waste containment criteria. In the past, although we
utilized operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry at
the time, hydrocarbons and other materials may have been disposed of or
released. In the future, we may be required to remove or remediate
these materials. 

 39 

 Table of Contents 

 Environmental
Remediation 
 
 The CERCLA, also known as ";Superfund,";
imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original act,
on certain classes of persons who contributed to the release of a ";hazardous
substance"; into the environment. These persons include the owner or
operator of a facility where a release occurred and companies that disposed or
arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at a
facility. Under CERCLA, these persons may be subject to joint and
several liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that
have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and
for the costs of certain health studies. CERCLA also authorizes the
EPA and, in some instances, third parties to take actions in response to threats
to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover the costs they
incur from the responsible classes of persons. It is not uncommon for
neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal
injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other
pollutants released into the environment. In the course of our
ordinary operations, our pipeline systems generate wastes that may fall within
CERCLA';s definition of a ";hazardous substance."; In the event a
disposal facility previously used by us requires clean up in the future, we may
be responsible under CERCLA for all or part of the costs required to clean up
sites at which such wastes have been disposed. 
 
 Pipeline
Safety Matters 
 
 We are subject to regulation by the DOT
under the Accountable Pipeline and Safety Partnership Act of 1996, sometimes
referred to as the Hazardous Liquid Pipeline Safety Act (";HLPSA";), and
comparable state statutes relating to the design, installation, testing,
construction, operation, replacement and management of our pipeline
facilities. The HLPSA covers petroleum and petroleum products and
requires any entity that owns or operates pipeline facilities to (i) comply with
such regulations, (ii) permit access to and copying of records, (iii) file
certain reports and (iv) provide information as required by the Secretary of
Transportation. We believe we are in material compliance with these
HLPSA regulations. 
 
 We are also subject to the DOT
regulation requiring qualification of pipeline personnel. The
regulation requires pipeline operators to develop and maintain a written
qualification program for individuals performing covered tasks on pipeline
facilities. The intent of this regulation is to ensure a qualified
work force and to reduce the probability and consequence of incidents caused by
human error. The regulation establishes qualification requirements
for individuals performing covered tasks. In addition, we are subject
to the DOT regulation that requires pipeline operators to institute certain
control room procedures. These procedures must be developed by August
1, 2011 and implemented by February 2, 2012. We believe we are in
material compliance with these DOT regulations. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to the DOT
Integrity Management regulations, which specify how companies should assess,
evaluate, validate and maintain the integrity of pipeline segments that, in the
event of a release, could impact High Consequence Areas
(";HCAs";). HCAs are defined to include populated areas, unusually
sensitive environmental areas and commercially navigable
waterways. The regulation requires the development and implementation
of an Integrity Management Program that utilizes internal pipeline inspection,
pressure testing or other equally effective means to assess the integrity of HCA
pipeline segments. The regulation also requires periodic review of
HCA pipeline segments to ensure that adequate preventative and mitigative
measures exist and that companies take prompt action to address integrity issues
raised by the assessment and analysis. In June 2008, the DOT extended
its pipeline safety regulations, including Integrity Management requirements, to
certain rural onshore hazardous liquid gathering lines and certain rural onshore
low-stress hazardous liquid pipelines within a buffer area around ";unusually
sensitive areas."; We have identified our HCA pipeline segments and
developed an appropriate Integrity Management Program. 
 
 Risk
Management Plans 
 
 We are
subject to the EPA';s Risk Management Plan regulations at certain
facilities. These regulations are intended to work with the
Occupational Safety and Health Act (";OSHA";) Process Safety Management (";PSM";)
regulations (see ";Safety Matters"; below) to minimize the offsite consequences
of 

 40 

 Table of Contents 

 catastrophic
releases. The regulations require us to develop and implement a risk
management program that includes a five-year accident history, an offsite
consequence analysis process, a prevention program and an emergency response
program. We believe we are operating in material compliance with our
risk management program. 
 
 Safety
Matters 
 
 Certain of our facilities are also
subject to the requirements of the federal OSHA and comparable state
statutes. We believe we are in material compliance with OSHA and
state requirements, including general industry standards, record keeping
requirements and monitoring of occupational exposures. 
 
 We are
subject to OSHA PSM regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the
consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive
chemicals. These regulations apply to any process which involves a
chemical at or above the specified thresholds or any process which involves
certain flammable liquid or gas. We believe we are in material
compliance with the OSHA PSM regulations. 
 
 The OSHA hazard communication standard,
the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the federal
Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and comparable state statutes
require us to organize and disclose information about the hazardous materials
used in our operations. Certain parts of this information must be
reported to federal, state and local governmental authorities and local citizens
upon request. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Like many publicly traded partnerships,
we have no employees. All of our management, administrative and
operating functions are performed by employees of EPCO pursuant to an
administrative services agreement (the ";ASA";) or by other service
providers. For additional information regarding the ASA, see ";EPCO
ASA"; in Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under
Item 8 of this annual report. As of December 31, 2009, there were
approximately 4,800 EPCO personnel who spend all or a portion of their time
engaged in our business. Approximately 3,300 of these individuals
devote all of their time performing administrative, commercial and operating
duties for us. The remaining approximate 1,500 personnel are part of
EPCO';s shared service organization and spend a portion of their time engaged in
our business. 
 
 Available
Information 
 
 As a
publicly traded partnership, we electronically file certain documents with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (";SEC";). We file annual
reports on Form 10-K; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and current reports on
Form 8-K (as appropriate); along with any related amendments and supplements
thereto. Occasionally, we may also file registration statements and
related documents in connection with equity or debt offerings. You
may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC';s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may
obtain information regarding the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
(800) SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website at
 www.sec.gov 
that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file
electronically with the SEC, including us. 
 
 We provide electronic access to our
periodic and current reports on our Internet website, www.epplp.com . These
reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such materials with, or furnish such materials to, the SEC. You
may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for paper
copies of these reports free of charge. We do not intend to
incorporate the information on our website into this document. 

 41 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk
Factors . 
 
 An
investment in our common units involves certain risks. If any of
these risks were to occur, our business, financial position, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. In
that case, the trading price of our common units could decline and you could
lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 The
following section lists the key current risk factors as of the date of this
filing that may have a direct and material impact on our business, financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks
Relating to Our Business 
 
 Changes
in demand for and production of hydrocarbon products may materially adversely
affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. 
 
 We
operate predominantly in the midstream energy sector which includes gathering,
transporting, processing, fractionating and storing natural gas, NGLs, crude oil
and refined products. As such, our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected by changes in the
prices of hydrocarbon products and by changes in the relative price levels among
hydrocarbon products. Changes in prices may impact demand for
hydrocarbon products, which in turn may impact production, demand and volumes of
product for which we provide services. We may also incur credit and
price risk to the extent counterparties do not perform in connection with our
marketing of natural gas, NGLs, propylene, refined products and/or crude
oil. 
 
 Historically,
the price of natural gas has been extremely volatile, and we expect this
volatility to continue. The New York Mercantile Exchange (";NYMEX";)
daily settlement price for natural gas for the prompt month contract in 2008
ranged from a high of $13.58 per MMBtu to a low of $5.29 per
MMBtu. In 2009, the same index ranged from a high of $6.07 per MMBtu
to a low of $2.51 per MMBtu. 
 
 Generally,
the prices of hydrocarbon products are subject to fluctuations in response to
changes in supply, demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional
uncontrollable factors. Some of these factors include: 

 &#167; 

 the
 level of domestic production and consumer product
 demand; 

 &#167; 

 the
 availability of imported oil and natural gas and actions taken by foreign
 oil and natural gas producing
nations; 

 &#167; 

 the
 availability of transportation systems with adequate
 capacity; 

 &#167; 

 the
 availability of competitive fuels; 

 &#167; 

 fluctuating
 and seasonal demand for oil, natural gas and
 NGLs; 

 &#167; 

 the
 impact of conservation efforts; 

 &#167; 

 the
 extent of governmental regulation and taxation of production;
 and 

 &#167; 

 the
 overall economic environment. 

 We are exposed to natural gas and NGL
commodity price risk under certain of our natural gas processing and gathering
and NGL fractionation contracts that provide for our fees to be calculated based
on a regional natural gas or NGL price index or to be paid in-kind by taking
title to natural gas or NGLs. A decrease in natural gas and NGL
prices can result in lower margins from these contracts, which may materially
adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. Volatility in 

 42 

 Table of Contents 

 commodity
prices may also have an impact on many of our customers, which in turn could
have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to
us. 
 
 With
respect to our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment, market
demand and our revenues from these businesses can also be adversely affected by
different end uses of the products we transport, market or store. For
example: 

 &#167; 

 demand
 for gasoline depends upon market price, prevailing economic conditions,
 demographic changes in the markets we serve and availability of gasoline
 produced in refineries located in these
markets; 

 &#167; 

 demand
 for distillates is affected by truck and railroad freight, the price of
 natural gas used by utilities that use distillates as a substitute and
 usage for agricultural operations; 

 &#167; 

 demand
 for jet fuel depends on prevailing economic conditions and military usage;
 and 

 &#167; 

 propane
 deliveries are generally sensitive to the weather and meaningful
 year-to-year variances have occurred and will likely continue to
 occur. 

 A
decline in the volume of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil delivered to our
facilities could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 
 
 Our
profitability could be materially impacted by a decline in the volume of natural
gas, NGLs and crude oil transported, gathered or processed at our
facilities. A material decrease in natural gas or crude oil
production or crude oil refining, as a result of depressed commodity prices, a
decrease in domestic and international exploration and development activities or
otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of natural gas, NGLs and
crude oil handled by our facilities and other energy logistic
assets. 
 
 The crude
oil, natural gas and NGLs currently transported, gathered or processed at our
facilities originate from existing domestic and international resource basins,
which naturally deplete over time. To offset this natural decline,
our facilities will need access to production from newly discovered
properties. Many economic and business factors are beyond our control
and can adversely affect the decision by producers to explore for and develop
new reserves. These factors could include relatively low oil and
natural gas prices, cost and availability of equipment and labor, regulatory
changes, capital budget limitations, the lack of available capital or the
probability of success in finding hydrocarbons. A decrease in
exploration and development activities in the regions where our facilities and
other energy logistic assets are located could result in a decrease in volumes
to our offshore platforms, natural gas processing plants, natural gas, crude oil
and NGL pipelines, and NGL fractionators, which would have a material adverse
affect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. 
 
 In
addition, imported liquefied natural gas (";LNG";) may become a significant
component of future natural gas supply to the United States. Much of
this increase in LNG supplies may be imported through new LNG facilities that
have currently been developed or new LNG facilities that have been announced to
be developed over the next decade. We cannot predict which, if any,
of these announced, but as yet unbuilt, projects will be
constructed. In addition, anticipated increases in future natural gas
supplies may not be made available to our facilities and pipelines if (i) a
significant number of these new projects fail to be developed with their
announced capacity, (ii) there are significant delays in such development, (iii)
they are built in locations where they are not connected to our assets or (iv)
they do not influence sources of supply on our systems. If the
expected increase in natural gas supply through imported LNG is not realized,
projected natural gas throughput on our pipelines would decline, which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

 43 

 Table of Contents 

 A
decrease in demand for NGL products by the petrochemical, refining or heating
industries could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. 
 
 A
decrease in demand for NGL products by the petrochemical, refining or heating
industries could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. Decreases in such demand may be caused by
general economic conditions, reduced demand by consumers for the end products
made with NGL products, increased competition from petroleum-based products due
to pricing differences, adverse weather conditions, government regulations
affecting prices and production levels of natural gas or the content of motor
gasoline or other reasons. For example: 
 
 Ethane . Ethane is primarily used in
the petrochemical industry as feedstock for ethylene, one of the basic building
blocks for a wide range of plastics and other chemical products. If
natural gas prices increase significantly in relation to NGL product prices or
if the demand for ethylene falls (and, therefore, the demand for ethane by NGL
producers falls), it may be more profitable for natural gas producers to leave
the ethane in the natural gas stream to be burned as fuel than to extract the
ethane from the mixed NGL stream for sale as an ethylene feedstock. 
 
 Propane . The demand for propane as a
heating fuel is significantly affected by weather
conditions. Unusually warm winters could cause the demand for propane
to decline significantly and could cause a significant decline in the volumes of
propane that we transport. 
 
 Isobutane . A reduction in demand for
motor gasoline additives may reduce demand for isobutane. During
periods in which the difference in market prices between isobutane and normal
butane is low or inventory values are high relative to current prices for normal
butane or isobutane, our operating margin from selling isobutane could be
reduced. 
 
 Propylene . Propylene is sold to
petrochemical companies for a variety of uses, principally for the production of
polypropylene. Propylene is subject to rapid and material price
fluctuations. Any downturn in the domestic or international economy
could cause reduced demand for, and an oversupply of propylene, which could
cause a reduction in the volumes of propylene that we transport. 
 
 We face competition from third
parties in our midstream businesses . 
 
 Even if
crude oil and natural gas reserves exist in the areas accessed by our facilities
and are ultimately produced, we may not be chosen by the producers in these
areas to gather, transport, process, fractionate, store or otherwise handle the
hydrocarbons that are produced. We compete with others, including
producers of oil and natural gas, for any such production on the basis of many
factors, including but not limited to geographic proximity to the production,
costs of connection, available capacity, rates and access to
markets. 
 
 Our
refined products, NGL and marine transportation businesses compete with other
pipelines and marine transportation companies in the areas they
serve. We also compete with trucks and railroads in some of the areas
we serve. Substantial new construction of inland marine vessels could
create an oversupply and intensify competition for our marine transportation
business. Competitive pressures may adversely affect our tariff rates
or volumes shipped. 
 
 The crude
oil gathering and marketing business can be characterized by thin operating
margins and intense competition for supplies of crude oil at the
wellhead. A decline in domestic crude oil production has intensified
competition among gatherers and marketers. Our crude oil
transportation business competes with common carriers and proprietary pipelines
owned and operated by major oil companies, large independent pipeline companies,
financial institutions with trading platforms and other companies in the areas
where such pipeline systems deliver crude oil and NGLs. 
 
 In our
natural gas gathering business, we encounter competition in obtaining contracts
to gather natural gas supplies, particularly new
supplies. Competition in natural gas gathering is based in large part
on reputation, efficiency, system reliability, gathering system capacity and
price arrangements. Our key 

 44 

 Table of Contents 

 competitors
in the gas gathering segment include independent gas gatherers and major
integrated energy companies. Alternate gathering facilities are
available to producers we serve, and those producers may also elect to construct
proprietary gas gathering systems. If production delivered to our
gathering system declines, our revenues from such operations will
decline. 
 
 Our
debt level may limit our future financial and operating
flexibility. 
 
 As of
December 31, 2009, we had approximately $9.76 billion of consolidated senior
long-term debt principal outstanding and approximately $1.53 billion of junior
subordinated debt principal outstanding. This amount includes $1.95
billion of new EPO notes issued in connection with the TEPPCO Merger (exchanged
for TEPPCO';s previously tendered notes) and $457.3 million outstanding under
Duncan Energy Partners'; revolving credit facility and term loan. The
amount of our future debt could have significant effects on our operations,
including, among other things: 

 &#167; 

 a
 substantial portion of our cash flow, including that of Duncan Energy
 Partners, could be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on
 our future debt and may not be available for other purposes, including the
 payment of distributions on our common units and capital
 expenditures; 

 &#167; 

 credit
 rating agencies may view our consolidated debt level
 negatively; 

 &#167; 

 covenants
 contained in our existing and future credit and debt arrangements will
 require us to continue to meet financial tests that may adversely affect
 our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business,
 including possible acquisition
opportunities; 

 &#167; 

 our
 ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or
 such financing may not be available on favorable
 terms; 

 &#167; 

 we
 may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to similar companies that
 have less debt; and 

 &#167; 

 we
 may be more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions as a
 result of our significant debt
level. 

 Our
public debt indentures currently do not limit the amount of future indebtedness
that we can create, incur, assume or guarantee. Although our credit
agreements restrict our ability to incur additional debt above certain levels,
any debt we may incur in compliance with these restrictions may still be
substantial. For information regarding our credit facilities, see
Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8
of this annual report. 
 
 Our
credit agreements and each of our indentures for our public debt contain
conventional financial covenants and other restrictions. For example,
we are prohibited from making distributions to our partners if such
distributions would cause an event of default or otherwise violate a covenant
under our credit agreements. A breach of any of these restrictions by
us could permit our lenders or noteholders, as applicable, to declare all
amounts outstanding under these debt agreements to be immediately due and
payable and, in the case of our credit agreements, to terminate all commitments
to extend further credit. 
 
 Our
ability to access capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms could be
affected by our debt level, the amount of our debt maturing in the next several
years and current maturities, and by prevailing market
conditions. Moreover, if the rating agencies were to downgrade our
credit ratings, then we could experience an increase in our borrowing costs,
difficulty assessing capital markets and/or a reduction in the market price of
our common units. Such a development could adversely affect our
ability to obtain financing for working capital, capital expenditures or
acquisitions or to refinance existing indebtedness. If we are unable
to access the capital markets on favorable terms in the future, we might be
forced to seek extensions for some of our short-term securities or to refinance
some of our debt obligations through bank credit, as opposed to long-term public
debt securities or equity securities. The price and 

 45 

 Table of Contents 

 terms
upon which we might receive such extensions or additional bank credit, if at
all, could be more onerous than those contained in existing debt
agreements. Any such arrangements could, in turn, increase the risk
that our leverage may adversely affect our future financial and operating
flexibility and thereby impact our ability to pay cash distributions at expected
levels. 
 
 We
may not be able to fully execute our growth strategy if we encounter illiquid
capital markets or increased competition for investment
opportunities. 
 
 Our
growth strategy contemplates the development and acquisition of a wide range of
midstream and other energy infrastructure assets while maintaining a strong
balance sheet. This strategy includes constructing and acquiring
additional assets and businesses to enhance our ability to compete effectively
and diversifying our asset portfolio, thereby providing more stable cash
flow. We regularly consider and pursue potential joint ventures,
standalone projects or other transactions that we believe may present
opportunities to realize synergies, expand our role in the energy infrastructure
business and increase our market position. 
 
 We will
require substantial new capital to finance the future development and
acquisition of assets and businesses. Any limitations on our access
to capital may impair our ability to execute this growth strategy. If
our cost of debt or equity capital becomes too expensive, our ability to develop
or acquire accretive assets will be limited. We also may not be able
to raise necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at
all. 
 
 Tightening
of the credit markets in the future may have a material adverse effect on us by,
among other things, decreasing our ability to finance expansion projects or
business acquisitions on favorable terms and by the imposition of increasingly
restrictive borrowing covenants. In addition, the distribution yields
of new equity issued may be at a higher yield than our historical levels, making
additional equity issuances more expensive. 
 
 We also
compete for the types of assets and businesses we have historically purchased or
acquired. Increased competition for a limited pool of assets could
result in our losing to other bidders more often or acquiring assets at less
attractive prices. Either occurrence would limit our ability to fully
execute our growth strategy. Our inability to execute our growth
strategy may materially adversely affect our ability to maintain or pay higher
distributions in the future. 
 
 Our
variable-rate debt and future maturities of fixed-rate, long-term debt make us
vulnerable to increases in interest rates, which could materially adversely
affect our business, financial position, results of operation and cash
flows. 
 
 As of
December 31, 2009, we had outstanding $11.35 billion of consolidated
debt. Of this amount, approximately $1.34 billion, or 11.8%, was
subject to variable interest rates, either as long-term variable-rate debt
obligations or as long-term fixed-rate debt converted to variable rates through
the use of interest rate swaps. We have $54.0 million of 8.70%
fixed-rate debt that matured on March 1, 2010, and $500.0 million of 4.95%
fixed-rate senior notes maturing in June 2010. In 2011, 2012 and
2013, we have $450.0 million, $1.0 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, of
senior notes maturing. In addition, our $1.75 billion revolving
credit facility matures in 2012 and Duncan Energy Partners'; revolving credit
facility and term loan totaling $582.3 million mature in 2011. 
 
 The rate
on our June 2009 issuance of $500.0 million of Senior Notes due August 2012 was
4.6%. The rate on our September 2009 issuance of $500.0 million of
Senior Notes due 2020 was 5.25%, and the rate on our September 2009 issuance of
$600.0 million of Senior Notes due 2039 was 6.125%. Should interest
rates increase significantly, the amount of cash required to service our debt
would increase. As a result, our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows, could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 From time
to time, we may enter into additional interest rate swap arrangements, which
could increase our exposure to variable interest rates. As a result,
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected by significant increases in interest rates. 

 46 

 Table of Contents 

 An
increase in interest rates may also cause a corresponding decline in demand for
equity investments, in general, and in particular, for yield-based equity
investments such as our common units. Any such reduction in demand
for our common units resulting from other more attractive investment
opportunities may cause the trading price of our common units to
decline. 
 
 Operating
cash flows from our capital projects may not be immediate. 
 
 We have
announced and are engaged in several construction projects involving existing
and new facilities for which we have expended or will expend significant
capital, and our operating cash flow from a particular project may not increase
until a period of time after its completion. For instance, if we
build a new pipeline or platform or expand an existing facility, the design,
construction, development and installation may occur over an extended period of
time, and we may not receive any material increase in operating cash flow from
that project until a period of time after it is placed in-service. If
we experience any unanticipated or extended delays in generating operating cash
flow from these projects, we may be required to reduce or reprioritize our
capital budget, sell non-core assets, access the capital markets or decrease or
limit distributions to unitholders in order to meet our capital
requirements. 
 
 Our
growth strategy may adversely affect our results of operations if we do not
successfully integrate and manage the businesses that we acquire or if we
substantially increase our indebtedness and contingent liabilities to make
acquisitions. 
 
 Our
growth strategy includes making accretive acquisitions. As a result,
from time to time, we will evaluate and acquire assets and businesses (either
ourselves or Duncan Energy Partners may do so) that we believe complement our
existing operations. We may be unable to successfully integrate and
manage businesses we acquire in the future. We may incur substantial
expenses or encounter delays or other problems in connection with our growth
strategy that could negatively impact our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. 
 
 Moreover,
acquisitions and business expansions involve numerous risks, including but not
limited to: 

 &#167; 

 difficulties
 in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products
 of the acquired companies or business
segments; 

 &#167; 

 establishing
 the internal controls and procedures that we are required to maintain
 under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002; 

 &#167; 

 managing
 relationships with new joint venture partners with whom we have not
 previously partnered; 

 &#167; 

 experiencing
 unforeseen operational interruptions or the loss of key employees,
 customers or suppliers; 

 &#167; 

 inefficiencies
 and complexities that can arise because of unfamiliarity with new assets
 and the businesses associated with them, including with their
 markets; and 

 &#167; 

 diversion
 of the attention of management and other personnel from day-to-day
 business to the development or acquisition of new businesses and other
 business opportunities. 

 If
consummated, any acquisition or investment would also likely result in the
incurrence of indebtedness and contingent liabilities and an increase in
interest expense and depreciation, amortization and accretion
expenses. As a result, our capitalization and results of operations
may change significantly following an acquisition. A substantial
increase in our indebtedness and contingent liabilities could have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. In addition, any anticipated benefits of a material
acquisition, such as expected cost savings, may not be fully realized, if at
all. 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions
that appear to increase our cash from operations may nevertheless reduce our
cash from operations on a per unit basis. 
 
 Even if
we make acquisitions that we believe will increase our cash from operations,
these acquisitions may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per
unit basis. Any acquisition involves assumptions that may not
materialize and potential risks that may occur. These risks include
our inability to achieve our operating and financial projections or to integrate
an acquired business successfully, the assumption of unknown liabilities for
which we become liable, and the loss of key employees or key
customers. 
 
 If we
consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations
may change significantly, and you will not have the opportunity to evaluate the
economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in
determining the application of these funds and other resources. 
 
 Our
actual construction, development and acquisition costs could exceed forecasted
amounts. 
 
 We have
significant expenditures for the development and construction of midstream
energy infrastructure assets, including construction and development projects
with significant logistical, technological and staffing challenges. We may
not be able to complete our projects at the costs we estimated at the time of
each project';s initiation or that we currently estimate. For example,
material and labor costs associated with our projects in the Rocky Mountains
region increased over time due to factors such as higher transportation costs
and the availability of construction personnel. Similarly, force majeure
events such as hurricanes along the Gulf Coast may cause delays, shortages of
skilled labor and additional expenses for these construction and development
projects, as were experienced with Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in
2008. 
 
 Our
construction of new assets is subject to regulatory, environmental, political,
legal and economic risks, which may result in delays, increased costs or
decreased cash flows. 
 
 One of
the ways we intend to grow our business is through the construction of new
midstream energy assets. The construction of new assets involves
numerous operational, regulatory, environmental, political and legal risks
beyond our control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of
capital. These potential risks include, among other things, the
following: 

 &#167; 

 we
 may be unable to complete construction projects on schedule or at the
 budgeted cost due to the unavailability of required construction personnel
 or materials, accidents, weather conditions or an inability to obtain
 necessary permits; 

 &#167; 

 we
 will not receive any material increases in revenues until the project is
 completed, even though we may have expended considerable funds during the
 construction phase, which may be
prolonged; 

 &#167; 

 we
 may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in
 production in a region in which such growth does not
 materialize; 

 &#167; 

 since
 we are not engaged in the exploration for and development of natural gas
 reserves, we may not have access to third-party estimates of reserves in
 an area prior to our constructing facilities in the area. As a
 result, we may construct facilities in an area where the reserves are
 materially lower than we
anticipate; 

 &#167; 

 where
 we do rely on third-party estimates of reserves in making a decision to
 construct facilities, these estimates may prove to be inaccurate because
 there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating
 reserves; 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 the
 completion or success of our project may depend on the completion of a
 project that we do not control, such as a refinery, that may be subject to
 numerous of its own potential risks, delays and complexities;
 and 

 &#167; 

 we
 may be unable to obtain rights-of-way to construct additional pipelines or
 the cost to do so may be
uneconomical. 

 A
materialization of any of these risks could adversely affect our ability to
achieve growth in the level of our cash flows or realize benefits from expansion
opportunities or construction projects. 
 
 A
significant amount of our common units and all of our Class B units that are
owned by EPCO and certain of its affiliates are pledged as security under the
credit facility of an affiliate of EPCO. Additionally, all of the
member interests in our general partner and substantially all of our common
units that are owned by Enterprise GP Holdings are pledged under its credit
facility. Upon an event of default under either of these credit
facilities, a change in ownership or control of us could ultimately
result. 
 
 An
affiliate of EPCO has pledged a significant amount of its common units and all
of its Class B units in us as security under its credit
facility. This credit facility contains customary and other events of
default relating to defaults of the borrower and certain of its affiliates,
including us. An event of default, followed by a foreclosure on the
pledged collateral, could ultimately result in a change in ownership of
us. In addition, the 100% membership interest in our general partner
and 20,242,179 of our common units that are owned by Enterprise GP Holdings are
pledged under Enterprise GP Holdings'; credit facility. Enterprise GP
Holdings'; credit facility contains customary and other events of
default. Upon an event of default, the lenders under Enterprise GP
Holdings'; credit facility could foreclose on Enterprise GP Holdings'; assets,
which could ultimately result in a change in control of our general partner and
a change in the ownership of our common units held by Enterprise GP
Holdings. 
 
 The
credit and risk profile of our general partner and its owners could adversely
affect our risk profile, which could increase our borrowing costs, hinder our
ability to raise capital or impact future credit ratings. 
 
 The
credit and business risk profiles of the general partner or owners of a general
partner may be factors in credit evaluations of a master limited
partnership. This is because the general partner can exercise
significant influence over the business activities of the partnership, including
its cash distribution and acquisition strategy and business risk
profile. Another factor that may be considered is the financial
condition of the general partner and its owners, including the degree of their
financial leverage and their dependence on cash flow from the partnership to
service their indebtedness. 
 
 Entities
controlling the owner of our general partner have significant indebtedness
outstanding and are dependent principally on the cash distributions from their
limited partner equity interests in us and Enterprise GP Holdings to service
such indebtedness. Any distributions by us and Enterprise GP Holdings
to such entities will be made only after satisfying our then current obligations
to creditors. Although we have taken certain steps in our
organizational structure, financial reporting and contractual relationships to
reflect the separateness of us and our general partner from the entities that
control our general partner, our credit ratings and business risk profile could
be adversely affected if the ratings and risk profiles of EPCO or the entities
that control our general partner were viewed as substantially lower or more
risky than ours. 
 
 The
interruption of cash distributions to us from our subsidiaries and joint
ventures may affect our ability to satisfy our obligations and to make cash
distributions to our partners. 
 
 We are a
holding company with no business operations, and our operating subsidiaries
conduct all of our operations and own all of our operating
assets. Our only significant assets are the ownership interests we
own in our operating subsidiary, EPO. As a result, we depend upon the
earnings and cash flow of EPO and its subsidiaries and joint ventures and the
distribution of that cash to us in order to meet our obligations and to allow us
to make cash distributions to our partners. The ability of EPO and
its 

 49 

 Table of Contents 

 subsidiaries
and joint ventures to make cash distributions to us may be restricted by, among
other things, the
provisions of existing and future indebtedness, applicable state partnership and
limited liability company laws and other laws and regulations, including FERC
policies. For example, all cash flows from Evangeline are currently
used to service its debt. 
 
 As of
December 31, 2009, EPO also owned 33,783,587 common units of Duncan Energy
Partners, representing approximately 58.6% of its outstanding common units and
100% of its general partner. EPO also owned noncontrolling interests
in subsidiaries of Duncan Energy Partners that held total assets of
approximately $4.7 billion as of December 31, 2009. With respect to
three subsidiaries of Duncan Energy Partners acquired from us on December 8,
2008 that held approximately $3.7 billion of total assets as of December 31,
2009, Duncan Energy Partners has effective priority rights to specified
quarterly distribution amounts ahead of distributions on our retained equity
interests in these subsidiaries. 
 
 In
addition, the charter documents governing EPO';s joint ventures typically allow
their respective joint venture management committees sole discretion regarding
the occurrence and amount of distributions. Three of the joint
ventures in which EPO participates have separate credit agreements that contain
various restrictive covenants. Among other things, those covenants
may limit or restrict the joint venture's ability to make cash distributions to
us under certain circumstances. Accordingly, EPO';s joint ventures may
be unable to make cash distributions to us at current levels, if at
all. 
 
 We
may be unable to cause our joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions
unless some or all of our joint venture participants agree. 
 
 We
participate in several joint ventures. Due to the nature of some of
these arrangements, each participant in these joint ventures has made
substantial investments in the joint venture and, accordingly, has required that
the relevant charter documents contain certain features designed to provide each
participant with the opportunity to participate in the management of the joint
venture and to protect its investment, as well as any other assets which may be
substantially dependent on or otherwise affected by the activities of that joint
venture. These participation and protective features customarily
include a corporate governance structure that requires at least a
majority-in-interest vote to authorize many basic activities and requires a
greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100%) to authorize more significant
activities. Examples of these more significant activities are large
expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of
assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, transactions with
affiliates of a joint venture participant, litigation and transactions not in
the ordinary course of business, among others. Thus, without the
concurrence of joint venture participants with enough voting interests, we may
be unable to cause any of our joint ventures to take or not to take certain
actions, even though those actions may be in the best interest of us or the
particular joint venture. 
 
 Moreover,
any joint venture owner may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership
interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or
the other joint venture owners. Any such transaction could result in
us being required to partner with different or additional parties. 
 
 A
natural disaster, catastrophe or other event could result in severe personal
injury, property damage and environmental damage, which could curtail our
operations and otherwise materially adversely affect our cash flow and,
accordingly, affect the market price of our common units. 
 
 Some of
our operations involve risks of personal injury, property damage and
environmental damage, which could curtail our operations and otherwise
materially adversely affect our cash flow. For example, natural gas
facilities operate at high pressures, sometimes in excess of 1,100 lbs per
square inch. We also operate crude oil and natural gas facilities
located underwater in the Gulf of Mexico, which can involve complexities, such
as extreme water pressure. In addition, our marine transportation
business is subject to additional risks, including the possibility of marine
accidents and spill events. From time to time, our octane
enhancement facility may produce MTBE for export, which could expose us to
additional risks from spill events. Virtually all of our operations
are exposed to potential natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornadoes,
storms, floods and/or earthquakes. The location of our assets and our
customers'; assets in the U.S. Gulf Coast region makes them particularly
vulnerable to hurricane risk. 

 50 

 Table of Contents 

 If one or
more facilities that are owned by us or that deliver crude oil, natural gas or
other products to us are damaged by severe weather or any other disaster,
accident, catastrophe or event, our operations could be significantly
interrupted. Similar interruptions could result from damage to
production or other facilities that supply our facilities or other stoppages
arising from factors beyond our control. These interruptions might
involve significant damage to people, property or the environment, and repairs
might take from a week or less for a minor incident to six months or more for a
major interruption. Additionally, some of the storage contracts that
we are a party to obligate us to indemnify our customers for any damage or
injury occurring during the period in which the customers'; natural gas is in our
possession. Any event that interrupts the revenues generated by our
operations, or which causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by
insurance, could reduce our cash available for paying distributions and,
accordingly, adversely affect the market price of our common units. 
 
 We
believe that EPCO maintains adequate insurance coverage on our behalf, although
insurance will not cover many types of interruptions that might occur, will not
cover amounts up to applicable deductibles and will not cover all risks
associated with certain of our products. As a result of market
conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase
substantially, and in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable
or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. For example,
change in the insurance markets subsequent to the hurricanes in 2005 and 2008
have made it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of
coverage. As a result, EPCO may not be able to renew existing
insurance policies on behalf of us or procure other desirable insurance on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we were to incur a
significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. In addition, the proceeds of any such insurance may not
be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if such an event were to
occur. 
 
 An
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets could reduce our
earnings. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, our balance sheet reflected $2.02 billion of goodwill and
$1.06 billion of intangible assets. Goodwill is recorded when the
purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and
separately measurable intangible net assets. Generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States (";GAAP";) require us to test goodwill
for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur
indicating that goodwill might be impaired. Long-lived assets such as
intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. If we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible
assets were impaired, we would be required to take an immediate charge to
earnings with a correlative effect on partners'; equity and balance sheet
leverage as measured by debt to total capitalization. 
 
 The
use of derivative financial instruments could result in material financial
losses by us. 
 
 We
historically have sought to limit a portion of the adverse effects resulting
from changes in energy commodity prices and interest rates by using financial
derivative instruments and other hedging mechanisms from time to
time. To the extent that we hedge our commodity price and interest
rate exposures, we will forego the benefits we would otherwise experience if
commodity prices or interest rates were to change in our favor. In
addition, even though monitored by management, hedging activities can result in
losses. Such losses could occur under various circumstances,
including if a counterparty does not perform its obligations under the hedge
arrangement, the hedge is imperfect, or hedging policies and procedures are not
followed. Adverse economic conditions, such as the financial crisis
that developed in the fourth quarter of 2008 and continued into 2009, increase
the risk of nonpayment or performance by our hedging
counterparties. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report for a discussion of our
derivative instruments. 
 
 Our
business requires extensive credit risk management that may not be adequate to
protect against customer nonpayment. 
 
 Risks of
nonpayment and nonperformance by customers are a major consideration in our
businesses, and our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to
sufficiently eliminate customer 

 51 

 Table of Contents 

 credit
risk. Further, adverse economic conditions, such as the credit crisis
that developed in the fourth quarter of 2008 and continued into 2009, increase
the risk of nonpayment and nonperformance by customers, particularly for
customers that are smaller companies. We manage our exposure to
credit risk through credit analysis, credit approvals, credit limits and
monitoring procedures, and for certain transactions may utilize letters of
credit, prepayments, net out agreements and guarantees. However,
these procedures and policies do not fully eliminate customer credit
risk. 
 
 Our
primary market areas are located in the Gulf Coast, Southwest, Rocky Mountain,
Northeast and Midwest regions of the United States. We have a
concentration of trade receivable balances due from major integrated oil
companies, independent oil companies and other pipelines and
wholesalers. These concentrations of market areas may affect our
overall credit risk in that the customers may be similarly affected by changes
in economic, regulatory or other factors. Our consolidated revenues
are derived from a wide customer base. During 2009, our largest
non-affiliated customer based on revenues was Shell, which accounted for 9.8% of
our revenues. During 2008 and 2007, our largest non-affiliated
customer based on revenues was Valero, which accounted for 11.2% and 8.9%,
respectively, of our revenues. 
 
 Our
risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity price
risks. In addition, any non-compliance with our risk management
policies could result in significant financial losses. 
 
 To
enhance utilization of certain assets and our operating income, we purchase
petroleum products. Generally, it is our policy to maintain a
position that is substantially balanced between purchases, on the one hand, and
sales or future delivery obligations, on the other hand. Through
these transactions, we seek to establish a margin for the commodity purchased by
selling the same commodity for physical delivery to third-party users, such as
producers, wholesalers, independent refiners, marketing companies or major oil
companies. These policies and practices cannot, however, eliminate
all price risks. For example, any event that disrupts our anticipated
physical supply could expose us to risk of loss resulting from price changes if
we are required to obtain alternative supplies to cover these
transactions. We are also exposed to basis risks when a commodity is
purchased against one pricing index and sold against a different
index. Moreover, we are exposed to some risks that are not hedged,
including price risks on product inventory, such as pipeline linefill, which
must be maintained in order to facilitate transportation of the commodity on our
pipelines. In addition, our marketing operations involve the risk of
non-compliance with our risk management policies. We cannot assure
you that our processes and procedures will detect and prevent all violations of
our risk management policies, particularly if deception or other intentional
misconduct is involved. 
 
 Our
pipeline integrity program and periodic tank maintenance requirements may impose
significant costs and liabilities on us. 
 
 The DOT
issued final rules (effective March 2001 with respect to hazardous liquid
pipelines and February 2004 with respect to natural gas pipelines)
requiring pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs to
comprehensively evaluate their pipelines, and take measures to protect pipeline
segments located in HCAs. The final rule resulted from the enactment
of the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002. At this time, we
cannot predict the ultimate costs of compliance with this rule because those
costs will depend on the number and extent of any repairs found to be necessary
as a result of the pipeline integrity testing that is required by the
rule. The majority of the costs to comply with this integrity
management rule are associated with pipeline integrity testing and any repairs
found to be necessary as a result of such testing. Changes such as
advances of in-line inspection tools, identification of additional threats to a
pipeline';s integrity and changes to the amount of pipe determined to be located
in HCAs can have a significant impact on the costs to perform integrity testing
and repairs. We will continue our pipeline integrity testing programs
to assess and maintain the integrity of our pipelines. The results of
these tests could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated capital and
operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the
continued safe and reliable operation of our pipelines. 
 
 In June
2008, the DOT issued a Final Rule extending its pipeline safety regulations,
including integrity management requirements, to certain rural onshore hazardous
liquid gathering lines and certain rural onshore low-stress hazardous liquid
pipelines within a buffer area around ";unusually sensitive 

 52 

 Table of Contents 

 areas."; The
issuance of these new gathering and low-stress pipeline safety regulations,
including requirements for integrity management of those pipelines, is likely to
increase the operating costs of our pipelines subject to such new
requirements. 
 
 The
American Petroleum Institute Standard 653 ( 
 ";API 653";)
is an industry standard for the inspection, repair, alteration and
reconstruction of existing storage tanks. API 653 requires regularly scheduled
inspection and repair of tanks remaining in service. Periodic tank
maintenance requirements could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated
capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to
ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of our storage
tanks. 
 
 Environmental
costs and liabilities and changing environmental regulation, including climate
change regulation, could affect our results of operations, cash flows and
financial condition. 
 
 Our
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulatory
requirements relating to environmental affairs, health and safety, waste
management and chemical and petroleum products. Further, we cannot
ensure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new
regulations, such as regulations designed to reduce the emissions of greenhouse
gases, will not be adopted or become applicable to us. Governmental
authorities have the power to enforce compliance with applicable regulations and
permits and to subject violators to civil and criminal penalties, including
substantial fines, injunctions or both. Certain environmental laws,
including CERCLA and analogous state laws and regulations, impose strict, joint
and several liability for costs required to cleanup and restore sites where
hazardous substances or hydrocarbons have been disposed or otherwise
released. Moreover, third parties, including neighboring landowners,
may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance or to
recover for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release
of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or other waste products into the
environment. 
 
 We will
make expenditures in connection with environmental matters as part of normal
capital expenditure programs. However, future environmental law
developments, such as stricter laws, regulations, permits or enforcement
policies, could significantly increase some costs of our operations, including
the handling, manufacture, use, emission or disposal of substances and
wastes. 
 
 Climate
change regulation is one area of potential future environmental law
development. Certain studies have suggested that emissions of certain
gases, commonly referred to as ";greenhouse gases,"; may be contributing to
warming of the Earth';s atmosphere. Methane, a primary component of
natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct of the burning of natural gas, are
examples of greenhouse gases. The U.S. Congress is considering
legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. In addition, at
least nine states in the Northeast and five states in the West have developed
initiatives to regulate emissions of greenhouse gases, primarily through the
planned development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional
greenhouse gas cap and trade programs. 
 
 On
December 7, 2009, the EPA announced its findings that emissions of
";greenhouse gases"; present an endangerment to human health and the
environment. These findings by the EPA allow the agency to proceed
with the adoption and implementation of regulations that would restrict
emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the
CAA. In late September 2009, the EPA had proposed two sets of CAA
regulations in anticipation of finalizing its endangerment findings that would
require a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles and,
also, could trigger permit review for greenhouse gas emissions from certain
stationary sources. In addition, on September 22, 2009, the EPA
issued a final CAA rule requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from
specified large greenhouse gas emission sources in the United States beginning
in 2011 for emissions occurring in 2010. These regulations will
require reporting for some of our facilities, and additional EPA regulations
expected to be adopted in 2010 will require other of our facilities to report
their greenhouse gas emissions, possibly beginning in 2012 for emissions
occurring in 2011. 
 
 Also, on
June 26, 2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the ACESA, which would
establish an economy-wide cap-and-trade program intended to reduce U.S.
emissions of ";greenhouse gases."; ACESA would require a 17% reduction in
greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2020 and 

 53 

 Table of Contents 

 just over
an 80% reduction of such emissions by 2050. Under this legislation,
the EPA would issue a capped and steadily declining number of tradable emissions
allowances to certain major sources of greenhouse gas emissions so that such
sources could continue to emit greenhouse gases into the
atmosphere. The cost of these allowances would be expected to
escalate significantly over time. The net effect of ACESA would be to
impose increasing costs on the combustion of carbon-based fuels such as oil,
refined petroleum products, and natural gas. The U.S. Senate has
begun work on its own legislation for restricting domestic greenhouse gas
emissions and the Obama Administration has indicated its support of legislation
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through an emission allowance
system. 
 
 Although
it is not possible at this time to predict when the Senate may act on climate
change legislation or how any bill passed by the Senate would be reconciled with
ACESA, the adoption and implementation of any CAA regulations, and any future
federal, state or local laws or implementing regulations that may be adopted to
address greenhouse gas emissions, could require us to incur increased operating
costs and could adversely affect demand for the crude oil, natural gas and other
hydrocarbon products that we transport, store or otherwise handle in connection
with our midstream services. The effect on our operations could
include increased costs to operate and maintain our facilities, measure and
report our emissions, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire
allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay any taxes related to
our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas
emissions program. While we may be able to include some or all of
such increased costs in the rates charged by our pipelines or other facilities,
such recovery of costs is uncertain and may depend on events beyond our control,
including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC and the
provisions of any final legislation. 
 
 Our
marine transportation operations are also subject to state and local laws and
regulations that control the discharge of pollutants into the environment or
otherwise relate to environmental protection. Compliance with such
laws, regulations and standards may require installation of costly equipment or
operational changes. Failure to comply with applicable laws and
regulations may result in administrative and civil penalties, criminal sanctions
or the suspension or termination of our marine operations. Some
environmental laws often impose strict liability for remediation of spills and
releases of oil and hazardous substances, which could subject us to liability
without regard to whether we were negligent or at fault. Under the
OPA, owners, operators and bareboat charterers are jointly and severally
strictly liable for the discharge of oil within the internal and territorial
waters of, and the 200-mile exclusive economic zone around, the United
States. Additionally, an oil spill from one of our vessels could
result in significant liability, including fines, penalties, criminal liability
and costs for natural resource damages. The potential for these
releases could increase if we increase our fleet capacity. In
addition, most states bordering on a navigable waterway have enacted legislation
providing for potentially unlimited liability for the discharge of pollutants
within their waters. 
 
 Global
warming, if occurring, may also impact our operations directly, including
increased maintenance costs for our facilities, increased flooding and severe
weather risks for our facilities that are located in low-lying areas and coastal
regions, and reduced demand for hydrocarbon products that may reduce demand and
volumes of the products that we process, transport, market and
store. 
 
 Federal,
state or local regulatory measures could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 
 
 The FERC
regulates our interstate natural gas pipelines and natural gas storage
facilities under the NGA, and interstate NGL and petrochemical pipelines under
the ICA. The STB regulates our interstate propylene
pipelines. State regulatory agencies regulate our intrastate natural
gas and NGL pipelines, intrastate storage facilities and gathering
lines. 
 
 Under the
NGA, the FERC has authority to regulate natural gas companies that provide
natural gas pipeline transportation services in interstate
commerce. Its authority to regulate those services is comprehensive
and includes the rates charged for the services, terms and condition of service
and certification and construction of new facilities. The FERC
requires that our services are provided on a non-discriminatory basis so that
all shippers have open access to our pipelines and storage. Pursuant
to the 

 54 

 Table of Contents 

 FERC';s
jurisdiction over interstate gas pipeline rates, existing pipeline rates may be
challenged by customer complaint or by the FERC and proposed rate increases may
be challenged by protest. 
 
 We have
interests in natural gas pipeline facilities offshore from Texas and
Louisiana. These facilities are subject to regulation by the FERC and
other federal agencies, including the Department of Interior, under the Outer
Continental Shelf Lands Act, and by the DOT';s OPS under the Natural Gas Pipeline
Safety Act. 
 
 Our
intrastate NGL and natural gas pipelines are subject to regulation in many
states, including Alabama, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico and
Texas, and by the FERC pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. We also
have natural gas underground storage facilities in Louisiana, Mississippi and
Texas. Although state regulation is typically less onerous than at
the FERC, proposed and existing rates subject to state regulation and the
provision of services on a non-discriminatory basis are also subject to
challenge by protest and complaint, respectively. 
 
 Although
our natural gas gathering systems are generally exempt from FERC regulation
under the NGA, FERC regulation still significantly affects our natural gas
gathering business. In recent years, the FERC has pursued
pro-competition policies in its regulation of interstate natural gas
pipelines. If the FERC does not continue this approach, it could have
an adverse effect on the rates we are able to charge in the
future. In addition, our natural gas gathering operations could be
adversely affected in the future should they become subject to the application
of federal regulation of rates and services or if the states in which we operate
adopt policies imposing more onerous regulation on
gathering. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to these
matters are considered and adopted from time to time at both state and federal
levels. We cannot predict what effect, if any, such regulatory
changes and legislation might have on our operations, but we could be required
to incur additional capital expenditures. 
 
 Increasingly
stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations governing worker health
and safety and the manning, construction and operation of marine vessels may
significantly affect our marine transportation operations. Many
aspects of the marine industry are subject to extensive governmental regulation
by the USCG, the DOT, the Department of Homeland Security, the National
Transportation Safety Board and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and to
regulation by private industry organizations such as the ABS. The
USCG and the National Transportation Safety Board set safety standards and are
authorized to investigate vessel accidents and recommend improved safety
standards. The USCG is authorized to inspect vessels at
will. 
 
 For a
general overview of federal, state and local regulation applicable to our
assets, see ";Regulation"; included within Items 1 and 2 of this annual
report. This regulatory oversight can affect certain aspects of our
business and the market for our products and could materially adversely affect
our cash flows. 

 We
are subject to strict regulations at many of our facilities regarding employee
safety, and failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our
ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 
 The
workplaces associated with our facilities are subject to the requirements of
OSHA, and comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health
and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication
standard requires that we maintain information about hazardous materials used or
produced in our operations and that we provide this information to employees,
state and local governmental authorities and local residents. The
failure to comply with OSHA requirements or general industry standards, keep
adequate records or monitor occupational exposure to regulated substances could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of
operations and ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

 55 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
rates are subject to review and possible adjustment by federal and state
regulators, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 
 
 The FERC,
pursuant to the ICA, as amended, the Energy Policy Act and rules and orders
promulgated thereunder, regulates the tariff rates for our interstate common
carrier pipeline operations. To be lawful under the ICA, interstate
tariff rates, terms and conditions of service must be just and reasonable and
not unduly discriminatory, and must be on file with the FERC. In
addition, pipelines may not confer any undue preference upon any
shipper. Shippers may protest, and the FERC may investigate, the
lawfulness of new or changed tariff rates. The FERC can suspend those
tariff rates for up to seven months. It can also require refunds of
amounts collected pursuant to rates that are ultimately found to be
unlawful. The FERC and interested parties can also challenge tariff
rates that have become final and effective. The FERC also can order
reparations for overcharges effective two years prior to the date of a
complaint. Due to the complexity of rate making, the lawfulness of
any rate is never assured. A successful challenge of our rates could
adversely affect our revenues. 
 
 The FERC
uses prescribed rate methodologies for approving regulated tariff rates for
interstate liquids pipelines. The FERC';s indexing methodology
currently allows a pipeline to increase its rates by a percentage linked to the
producer price index for finished goods. As an alternative to using
the indexing methodology, interstate liquids pipelines may elect to support rate
filings by using a cost-of-service methodology, Market-Based Rates or agreements
with all of the pipeline';s shippers that the rate is
acceptable. These methodologies may 
limit our
ability to set rates based on our actual costs or may delay the use of rates
reflecting increased costs. Changes in the FERC';s approved
methodology for approving rates, or challenges to our application of that
methodology, could adversely affect us. Adverse decisions by the FERC
in approving our regulated rates could adversely affect our cash
flow. 
 
 The
intrastate liquids pipeline transportation services we provide are subject to
various state laws and regulations that apply to the rates we charge and the
terms and conditions of the services we offer. Although state
regulation typically is less onerous than FERC regulation, the rates we charge
and the provision of our services may be subject to challenge. 
 
 Our
partnership status may be a disadvantage to us in calculating our cost of
service for rate-making purposes. 
 
 In May
2005, the FERC issued a policy statement permitting the inclusion of an income
tax allowance in the cost of service-based rates of a pipeline organized as a
tax pass through partnership entity to reflect actual or potential income tax
liability on public utility income, if the pipeline proves that the ultimate
owner of its interests has an actual or potential income tax liability on such
income. The policy statement also provides that whether a pipeline';s
owners have such actual or potential income tax liability will be reviewed by
the FERC on a case-by-case basis. In December 2005, the FERC issued
its first significant case-specific review of the income tax allowance issue in
another pipeline partnership';s rate case. The FERC reaffirmed its new
income tax allowance policy and directed the subject pipeline to provide certain
evidence necessary for the pipeline to determine its income tax
allowance. The new tax allowance policy and the December 16, 2005
order were appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit (";D.C. Circuit";). The D.C. Circuit denied
these appeals in May 2007 and fully upheld the FERC';s new tax allowance policy
and the application of that policy in the December 2005 order. 
 
 In
December 2006, the FERC issued a new order addressing rates on another
pipeline. In the new order, FERC refined its income tax allowance
policy, and notably raised a new issue regarding the implication of the policy
statement for publicly traded partnerships. It noted that the tax
deferral features of a publicly traded partnership may cause some investors to
receive, for some indeterminate duration, cash distributions in excess of their
taxable income, which the FERC characterized as a ";tax savings."; The
FERC stated that it is concerned that this created an opportunity for those
investors to earn an additional return, funded by
ratepayers. Responding to this concern, the FERC chose to adjust the
pipeline';s equity rate of return downward based on the percentage by which the
publicly traded partnership';s cash flow exceeded taxable
income. 

 56 

 Table of Contents 

 In April
2008, the FERC issued a Policy Statement in which it declared that it would
permit master limited partnerships (";MLPs";) to be included in rate of return
proxy groups for determining rates for services by natural gas and oil
pipelines. It also addressed the application to limited partnership
pipelines of the FERC';s discounted cash flow methodology for determining rates
of return on equity. The FERC applied the new policy to several
ongoing proceedings involving other pipelines. The FERC';s rate of
return policy remains subject to change. 
 
 The
ultimate outcome of these proceedings is not certain and could result in changes
to the FERC';s treatment of income tax allowances in cost of service as well as
rates of return, particularly with respect to pipelines organized as
partnerships. The outcome of these ongoing proceedings could
adversely affect our revenues for any of our rates that are calculated using
cost of service rate methodologies. 
 
 Our
marine transportation business would be adversely affected if we failed to
comply with the Jones Act provisions on coastwise trade, or if those provisions
were modified, repealed or waived. 
 
 We are
subject to the Jones Act and other federal laws that restrict maritime
transportation between points in the United States to vessels built and
registered in the United States and owned and manned by U.S.
citizens. We are responsible for monitoring the ownership of our
common units and other partnership interests. If we do not comply
with these restrictions, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in
U.S. coastwise trade, and under certain circumstances we would be deemed to have
undertaken an unapproved foreign transfer, resulting in severe penalties,
including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines
or forfeiture of the vessels. 
 
 In the
past, interest groups have lobbied Congress to repeal the Jones Act to
facilitate foreign flag competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved
for U.S.-flag vessels under the Jones Act and cargo preference
laws. We believe that interest groups may continue efforts to modify
or repeal the Jones Act and cargo preference laws currently benefiting U.S.-flag
vessels. If these efforts are successful, it could result in
increased competition, which could reduce our revenues and cash available for
distribution. 
 
 The
Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security is vested with the authority
and discretion to waive the coastwise laws to such extent and upon such terms as
he may prescribe whenever he deems that such action is necessary in the interest
of national defense. For example, in response to the effects of
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland
Security waived the coastwise laws generally for the transportation of petroleum
products from September 1 to September 19, 2005 and from September 26, 2005 to
October 24, 2005. In the past, the Secretary of the Department of
Homeland Security has waived the coastwise laws generally for the transportation
of petroleum released from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve undertaken in
response to circumstances arising from major natural disasters. Any
waiver of the coastwise laws, whether in response to natural disasters or
otherwise, could result in increased competition from foreign marine vessel
operators, which could reduce our revenues and cash available for
distribution. 
 
 We
depend on the leadership and involvement of key personnel for the success of our
businesses. 
 
 We depend
on the leadership, involvement and services of key personnel. The
loss of leadership and involvement or the services of certain key members of our
senior management team, including Dan L. Duncan, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows
and market price of our securities. 
 
 EPCO';s
employees may be subjected to conflicts in managing our business and the
allocation of time and compensation costs between our business and the business
of EPCO and its other affiliates. 
 
 We have
no officers or employees and rely solely on officers of our general partner and
employees of EPCO. Certain of our officers are also officers of EPCO
and other affiliates of EPCO. These relationships may create
conflicts of interest regarding corporate opportunities and other matters, and
the resolution of any such conflicts may not always be in our or our
unitholders'; best interests. In addition, 

 57 

 Table of Contents 

 these
overlapping officers and employees allocate their time among us, EPCO and other
affiliates of EPCO. These officers and employees face potential
conflicts regarding the allocation of their time, which may adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have
entered into an ASA that governs business opportunities among entities
controlled by EPCO, which includes us and our general partner, Enterprise GP
Holdings and its general partner and Duncan Energy Partners and its general
partner. For detailed information regarding how business
opportunities are handled within the EPCO group of companies, see Item 13 of
this annual report. 
 
 We do not
have a separate compensation committee, and aspects of the compensation of our
executive officers and other key employees, including base salary, are not
reviewed or approved by our independent directors. The determination
of executive officer and key employee compensation could involve conflicts of
interest resulting in economically unfavorable arrangements for
us. For a discussion of our executive compensation policies and
procedures, see Item 11 of this annual report. 
 
 The
global financial crisis and its ongoing effects may have impacts on our business
and financial condition that we currently cannot predict. 
 
 We may
face significant challenges if conditions in the financial markets revert to
those that existed in the fourth quarter of 2008 and during 2009. Our
ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when
we would like, or need, to do so, which could have an adverse impact on our
ability to meet capital commitments and achieve the flexibility needed to react
to changing economic and business conditions. The credit crisis could
have a negative impact on our lenders or customers, causing them to fail to meet
their obligations to us. Additionally, demand for our services and
products depends on activity and expenditure levels in the energy industry,
which are directly and negatively impacted by depressed oil and gas
prices. Also, a decrease in demand for NGLs by the petrochemical and
refining industries due to a decrease in demand for their products as a result
of general economic conditions would likely impact demand for our services and
products. Any of these factors could lead to reduced usage of our
pipelines and energy logistics services, which could have a material negative
impact on our revenues and prospects. 
 
 Risks
Relating to Our Partnership Structure 
 
 We
may issue additional securities without the approval of our common
unitholders. 
 
 At any
time, we may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests of any type
(to parties other than our affiliates) without the approval of our
unitholders. Our partnership agreement does not give our common
unitholders the right to approve the issuance of equity securities including
equity securities ranking senior to our common units. The issuance of
additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will
have the following effects: 

 &#167; 

 the
 ownership interest of a unitholder immediately prior to the issuance will
 decrease; 

 &#167; 

 the
 amount of cash available for distributions on each common unit may
 decrease; 

 &#167; 

 the
 ratio of taxable income to distributions may
 increase; 

 &#167; 

 the
 relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common unit may be
 diminished; and 

 &#167; 

 the
 market price of our common units may
decline. 

 58 

 Table of Contents 

 We
may not have sufficient cash from operations to pay cash distributions at the
current level following establishment of cash reserves and payments of fees and
expenses, including payments to EPGP. 
 
 Because
cash distributions on our common units are dependent on the amount of cash we
generate, distributions may fluctuate based on our performance and capital
needs. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to pay distributions
at the current level each quarter. The actual amount of cash that is
available to be distributed each quarter will depend upon numerous factors, some
of which are beyond our control and the control of EPGP. These
factors include but are not limited to the following: 

 &#167; 

 the
 volume of the products that we handle and the prices we receive for our
 services; 

 &#167; 

 the
 level of our operating costs; 

 &#167; 

 the
 level of competition in our business segments and marketing
 areas; 

 &#167; 

 prevailing
 economic conditions, including the price of and demand for oil, natural
 gas and other products we transport, store and
 market; 

 &#167; 

 the
 level of capital expenditures we
make; 

 &#167; 

 the
 amount and cost of capital we can raise compared to the amount of our
 capital expenditures and debt
maturities; 

 &#167; 

 the
 restrictions contained in our debt agreements and our debt service
 requirements; 

 &#167; 

 fluctuations
 in our working capital needs; 

 &#167; 

 the
 weather in our operating areas; 

 &#167; 

 cash
 outlays for acquisitions, if any;
and 

 &#167; 

 the
 amount, if any, of cash reserves required by EPGP in its sole
 discretion. 

 In
addition, you should be aware that the amount of cash we have available for
distribution depends primarily on our cash flow, including cash flow from
financial reserves and working capital borrowings, not solely on profitability,
which is affected by non-cash items. As a result, we may make cash
distributions during periods when we record losses and we may not make
distributions during periods when we record net income. 
 
 We
do not have the same flexibility as other types of organizations to accumulate
cash and equity to protect against illiquidity in the future. 
 
 Unlike a
corporation, our partnership agreement requires us to make quarterly
distributions to our unitholders of all available cash reduced by any amounts of
reserves for commitments and contingencies, including capital and operating
costs and debt service requirements. The value of our units and other
limited partner interests may decrease in correlation with decreases in the
amount we distribute per unit. Accordingly, if we experience a
liquidity problem in the future, we may not be able to issue more equity to
recapitalize. 
 
 Cost
reimbursements and fees due to EPCO and its affiliates, including our general
partner may be substantial and will reduce our cash available for distribution
to holders of our units. 
 
 Prior to
making any distribution on our units, we will reimburse EPCO and its affiliates,
including officers and directors of EPGP, for all expenses they incur on our
behalf, including allocated overhead. These amounts will include all
costs incurred in managing and operating us, including costs for 

 59 

 Table of Contents 

 rendering
administrative staff and support services to us, and overhead allocated to us by
EPCO. The payment
of these amounts could adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions to
holders of our units. EPCO has sole discretion to determine the
amount of these expenses. In addition, EPCO and its affiliates may
provide other services to us for which we will be charged fees as determined by
EPCO. 
 
 EPGP
and its affiliates have limited fiduciary responsibilities to, and conflicts of
interest with respect to, our partnership, which may permit it to favor its own
interests to your detriment. 
 
 The
directors and officers of EPGP and its affiliates have duties to manage EPGP in
a manner that is beneficial to its members. At the same time, EPGP
has duties to manage our partnership in a manner that is beneficial to
us. Therefore, EPGP';s duties to us may conflict with the duties of
its officers and directors to its members. Such conflicts may
include, among others, the following: 

 &#167; 

 neither
 our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires EPGP or EPCO to
 pursue a business strategy that favors
us; 

 &#167; 

 decisions
 of EPGP regarding the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, cash
 expenditures, borrowings, issuances of additional units and reserves in
 any quarter may affect the level of cash available to pay quarterly
 distributions to unitholders and
EPGP; 

 &#167; 

 under
 our partnership agreement, EPGP determines which costs incurred by it and
 its affiliates are reimbursable by
us; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 is allowed to resolve any conflicts of interest involving us and EPGP and
 its affiliates; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us,
 such as EPCO, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of
 limiting its fiduciary duty to
unitholders; 

 &#167; 

 any
 resolution of a conflict of interest by EPGP not made in bad faith and
 that is fair and reasonable to us shall be binding on the partners and
 shall not be a breach of our partnership
 agreement; 

 &#167; 

 affiliates
 of EPGP may compete with us in certain
 circumstances; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties and has also
 restricted the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that
 might, without the limitations, constitute breaches of fiduciary
 duty. As a result of purchasing our units, you are deemed to
 consent to some actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise
 constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable
 law; 

 &#167; 

 we
 do not have any employees and we rely solely on employees of EPCO and its
 affiliates; 

 &#167; 

 in
 some instances, EPGP may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the
 payment of distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing
 is to make incentive distributions; 

 &#167; 

 our
 partnership agreement does not restrict EPGP from causing us to pay it or
 its affiliates for any services rendered to us or entering into additional
 contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our
 behalf; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other
 obligations and, in some circumstances, may be entitled to be indemnified
 by us; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by our general partner
 and its affiliates; and 

 &#167; 

 EPGP
 decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to
 perform services for us. 

 60 

 Table of Contents 

 We have
significant business relationships with entities controlled by Dan L. Duncan,
including EPCO. For detailed information on these relationships and
related transactions with these entities, see Item 13 of this annual
report. 

 Unitholders
have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or
its directors, which could lower the trading price of our common
units. In addition, even if unitholders are dissatisfied, they cannot
easily remove our general partner. 
 
 Unlike
the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited
voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability
to influence management';s decisions regarding our
business. Unitholders did not elect EPGP or its directors and will
have no right to elect our general partner or its directors on an annual or
other continuing basis. The Board of Directors of our general
partner, including the independent directors, is chosen by the owners of the
general partner and not by the unitholders. 
 
 Furthermore,
if unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner,
they currently have no practical ability to remove EPGP or its officers or
directors. EPGP may not be removed except upon the vote of the
holders of at least 60% of our outstanding units voting together as a single
class. Because affiliates of EPGP currently own approximately 31% of
our outstanding common units, the removal of EPGP as our general partner is
highly unlikely without the consent of both EPGP and its
affiliates. As a result of this provision, the trading price of our
common units may be lower than other forms of equity ownership because of the
absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 
 
 Our
partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20% or
more of our common units. 
 
 Unitholders';
voting rights are further restricted by a provision in our partnership agreement
stating that any units held by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of
our common units then outstanding, other than our general partner and its
affiliates, cannot be voted on any matter. In addition, our
partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to
call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other
provisions limiting our unitholders'; ability to influence the manner or
direction of our management. As a result of this provision, the
trading price of our common units may be lower than other forms of equity
ownership because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the
trading price. 
 
 EPGP
has a limited call right that may require common unitholders to sell their units
at an undesirable time or price. 
 
 If at any
time EPGP and its affiliates own 85% or more of the common units then
outstanding, EPGP will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may
assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all,
of the remaining common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less
than the then current market price. As a result, common unitholders
may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and
may therefore not receive any return on their investment. They may
also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. 
 
 Our
common unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that limited
partner actions constitute control of our business. 
 
 Under
Delaware law, common unitholders could be held liable for our obligations to the
same extent as a general partner if a court determined that the right of limited
partners to remove our general partner or to take other action under our
partnership agreement constituted participation in the ";control"; of our
business. Under Delaware law, our general partner generally has
unlimited liability for our obligations, such as our debts and environmental
liabilities, except for those of our contractual obligations that are expressly
made without recourse to our general partner. 

 61 

 Table of Contents 

 The
limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the
obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some
of the states in which we do business. You could have unlimited liability for
our obligations if a court or government agency determined that: 

 &#167; 

 we
 were conducting business in a state, but had not complied with that
 particular state';s partnership
statute; or 

 &#167; 

 your
 right to act with other unitholders to remove or replace our general
 partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement or to
 take other actions under our partnership agreement constituted ";control";
 of our business. 

 Unitholders
may have liability to repay distributions. 
 
 Under
certain circumstances, our unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully
returned or distributed to them. Under Section 17-607 of the
Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, we may not make a distribution
to our unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the
fair value of our assets. Liabilities to partners on account of their
partnership interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to the partnership
are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is
permitted. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years
from the date of an impermissible distribution, limited partners who received
the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated
Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution
amount. A purchaser of common units who becomes a limited partner is
liable for the obligations of the transferring limited partner to make
contributions to the partnership that are known to such purchaser of common
units at the time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations if the
liabilities could be determined from our partnership agreement. 
 
 Our
general partner';s interest in us and the control of our general partner may be
transferred to a third-party without unitholder consent. 
 
 Our
general partner, in accordance with our partnership agreement, may transfer its
general partner interest without the consent of unitholders. In
addition, our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a
third-party in a merger or consolidation or in a sale of all or substantially
all of its assets without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, there is
no restriction in our partnership agreement on the ability of Enterprise GP
Holdings or its affiliates to transfer their equity interests in our general
partner to a third-party. The new equity owner of our general partner
would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers of
our general partner with their own choices and to influence the decisions taken
by the board of directors and officers of our general partner. 
 
 Tax
Risks to Common Unitholders 
 
 Our tax treatment
depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, as well
as our not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by
individual states. If the Internal Revenue Service were to treat us
as a corporation or if we were to become subject to a material amount of
entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then our cash
available for distribution to our common unitholders would be substantially
reduced. 
 
 The
anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our common units
depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for federal income tax
purposes. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service (";IRS";) on this matter. 
 
 If we
were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would pay
federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is
currently a maximum of 35%. Distributions to our unitholders would
generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains,
losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our
unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation,
the cash available for distribution to our common unitholders would be
substantially 

 62 

 Table of Contents 

 reduced. Thus,
treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the
after-tax return to our common unitholders, likely causing a substantial
reduction in the value of our common units. 
 
 Current
law may change, causing us to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax
purposes or otherwise subjecting us to a material amount of entity level
taxation. In addition, because of widespread state budget deficits
and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to enhance state-tax
collections. If any additional state were to impose an entity-level
tax upon us or our operating subsidiaries, the cash available for distribution
to our common unitholders would be reduced. 
 
 The
tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our common
units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative
changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive
basis. 
 
 The
present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships,
including us, or an investment in our common units may be modified by
administrative, legislative or judicial interpretation at any
time. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws and
interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively and could make
it more difficult or impossible to meet the exception, which we refer to as the
qualifying income exception, for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S.
federal income tax purposes that is not taxable as a corporation, affect or
cause us to change our business activities, affect the tax considerations of an
investment in us, change the character or treatment of portions of our income or
adversely affect an investment in our common units. For example, in
response to recent public offerings of interests in the management operations of
private equity funds and hedge funds, members of Congress are considering
substantive changes to the definition of qualifying income under Section 7704 of
the Internal Revenue Code and changing the treatment of certain types of income
earned from profits or ";carried"; interests. It is possible that these
legislative efforts could result in changes to the existing U.S. tax laws that
affect publicly traded partnerships, including us. Although we are
unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will
ultimately be enacted, and if so, whether any such changes would be applied
retroactively, the enactment of any such changes could negatively impact the
value of an investment in our common units. 
 
 We
prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and
transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our
common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date
a particular common unit is transferred. 
 
 We
prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and
transferees of the units each month based upon the ownership of the units on the
first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit
is transferred. The use of this proration method may not be permitted
under existing Treasury Regulations, and, accordingly, our counsel is unable to
opine as to the validity of this method. If the IRS were to challenge
this method or new Treasury Regulations are issued, we may be required to change
the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our
unitholders. 
 
 A
successful IRS contest of the federal income tax positions we take may adversely
impact the market for our common units, and the costs of any contests will be
borne by our unitholders and our general partner. 
 
 The IRS
may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take, even positions taken
with advice of counsel. It may be necessary to resort to
administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we
take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we
take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact
the market for our common units and the price at which our common units
trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS,
principally legal, accounting and related fees, will result in a reduction in
cash available for distribution to our unitholders and our general partner and
thus will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our general
partner. 

 63 

 Table of Contents 

 Even
if our common unitholders do not receive any cash distributions from us, they
will be required to pay taxes on their share of our taxable income. 
 
 Common
unitholders will be required to pay federal income taxes and, in some cases,
state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income, whether or
not they receive any cash distributions from us. Our common
unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of
our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability resulting from
their share of our taxable income. 
 
 Tax gain or loss on the disposition
of our common units could be different than expected . 
 
 If a
common unitholder sells its common units, the unitholder will recognize a gain
or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and the unitholder';s
tax basis in those common units. Prior distributions to a unitholder
in excess of the total net taxable income a unitholder is allocated for a common
unit, which decreased the unitholder';s tax basis in that common unit, will, in
effect, become taxable income to the unitholder if the common unit is sold at a
price greater than the unitholder';s tax basis in that common unit, even if the
price the unitholder receives is less than the unitholder';s original
cost. A substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not
representing gain, may be ordinary income to a unitholder. 
 
 Tax-exempt
entities and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units
that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 
 Investments
in common units by tax-exempt entities, such as individual retirement accounts
(known as IRAs), other retirement plans and non-U.S. persons, raise issues
unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to
unitholders who are organizations exempt from federal income tax, including IRAs
and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will
be taxable to them. Distributions to non-U.S. persons will be reduced
by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and non-U.S.
persons will be required to file United States federal income tax returns and
pay tax on their share of our taxable income. 
 
 We
will treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits
without regard to the units purchased. The IRS may challenge this
treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our common
units. 
 
 Because
we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we adopt
depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform with all aspects of
applicable Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those
positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to a
common unitholder. It also could affect the timing of these tax
benefits or the amount of gain from a sale of common units and could have a
negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments
to the common unitholder';s tax returns. 
 
 Our
common unitholders will likely be subject to state and local taxes and return
filing requirements in states where they do not live as a result of an
investment in our common units. 
 
 In
addition to federal income taxes, our common unitholders will likely be subject
to other taxes, including state and local income taxes, unincorporated business
taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the
various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property. Our
common unitholders will likely be required to file state and local income tax
returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various
jurisdictions. Further, they may be subject to penalties for failure
to comply with those requirements. We may own property or conduct
business in other states or foreign countries in the future. It is
the responsibility of each unitholder to file its own federal, state and local
tax returns. 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 The
sale or exchange of 50% or more of our capital and profits interests during any
twelve-month period will result in the termination of our partnership for
federal income tax purposes. 
 
 We will
be considered to have terminated for federal income tax purposes if there is a
sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in our capital and
profits within a twelve-month period. Our termination would, among
other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders and
could result in a deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our
taxable income. 
 
 We
have adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of
income, gain, loss and deduction between EPGP and our
unitholders. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could
adversely affect the value of our common units. 
 
 When we
issue additional common units or engage in certain other transactions, we
determine the fair market value of our assets and allocate any unrealized gain
or loss attributable to our assets to the capital accounts of our unitholders
and EPGP. Our methodology may be viewed as understating the value of
our assets. In that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss
and deduction between certain unitholders and EPGP, which may be unfavorable to
such unitholders. Moreover, under this methodology, subsequent
purchasers of common units may have a greater portion of their Internal Revenue
Code Section 743(b) adjustment allocated to our intangible assets and a lesser
portion allocated to our tangible assets. The IRS may challenge our
methods, or our allocation of the Section 743(b) adjustment attributable to our
tangible and intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and
deduction between EPGP and certain of our unitholders. 
 
 A
successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect
the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our
unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain from a
unitholder';s sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value
of the common units or result in audit adjustments to the unitholder';s tax
returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 
 
 A
unitholder whose common units are loaned to a ";short seller"; to cover a short
sale of common units may be considered as having disposed of those common
units. If so, he would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a
partner with respect to those common units during the period of the loan and may
recognize gain or loss from the disposition. 
 
 Because a
common unitholder whose common units are loaned to a ";short seller"; to cover a
short sale of common units may be considered as having disposed of the loaned
units, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner
with respect to those common units during the period of the loan to the short
seller and he may recognize gain or loss from such
disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short
seller, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those common
units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions
received by the unitholder as to those common units could be fully taxable as
ordinary income. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion regarding
the treatment of a unitholder whose common units are loaned to a short seller to
cover a short sale of common units; therefore, unitholders desiring to assure
their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a
short seller are urged to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to
prohibit their brokers from borrowing their common units. 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments . 
 
 None. 

 Item 3. Legal
Proceedings . 
 
 On
occasion, we or our unconsolidated affiliates are named as defendants in legal
proceedings relating to our normal business activities, including regulatory and
environmental matters. Although we are
insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is
no assurance that the nature 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 and
amount of such insurance will be adequate, in every case, to indemnify us
against liabilities arising from future legal proceedings. We are not
aware of any litigation, pending or threatened, that we believe is reasonably
likely to have a significant adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. For detailed information regarding our
legal proceedings, see Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included under Item 8 of this annual report, which is incorporated by reference
into this Item 3. 

 Item
4. [Reserved] 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant';s Common
Equity, Related Unitholder Matters 
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities . 
 
 Market
Information and Cash Distributions 
 
 Our
common units are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ";EPD."; As
of February 1, 2010, there were approximately 1,772 unitholders of record of our
common units. The following table presents the high and low sales
prices for our common units during the periods indicated (as reported by the
NYSE Composite Transaction Tape) and the amount, record date and payment date of
the quarterly cash distributions we paid on each of our common units with
respect to such periods. 

 Cash
 Distribution History 

 Price
 Ranges 

 Per 

 Record 

 Payment 

 High 

 Low 

 Unit 

 Date 

 Date 

 2008 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $32.630 

 $26.750 

 $0.5075 

 Apr.
 30, 2008 

 May
 7, 2008 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $32.640 

 $29.040 

 $0.5150 

 Jul.
 31, 2008 

 Aug.
 7, 2008 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $30.070 

 $22.580 

 $0.5225 

 Oct.
 31, 2008 

 Nov.
 12, 2008 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $26.300 

 $16.000 

 $0.5300 

 Jan.
 30, 2009 

 Feb.
 9, 2009 

 2009 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $24.200 

 $17.710 

 $0.5375 

 Apr.
 30, 2009 

 May
 8, 2009 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $26.550 

 $21.100 

 $0.5450 

 Jul.
 31, 2009 

 Aug.
 7, 2009 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $29.450 

 $24.500 

 $0.5525 

 Oct.
 30, 2009 

 Nov.
 5, 2009 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $32.240 

 $27.250 

 $0.5600 

 Jan.
 29, 2010 

 Feb.
 4, 2010 

 The quarterly cash distributions shown
in the table above correspond to cash flows for the quarters
indicated. The actual cash distributions (i.e., the payments made to
our common unitholders) occur within 45 days after the end of such
quarter. We expect to fund our quarterly cash distributions to common
unitholders primarily with cash provided by operating activities. For
additional information regarding our cash flows from operating activities, see
";Liquidity and Capital Resources"; included under Item 7 of this annual
report. Although the payment of cash distributions is not guaranteed,
we expect to continue to pay comparable cash distributions in the
future. 
 
 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On
September 4, 2009, we agreed to issue 5,940,594 common units in a private
placement to EPCO Holdings, Inc., a privately held affiliate controlled by Dan
L. Duncan, for $150.0 million. The private placement was exempt from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2)
thereof, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public
offering. In accordance with the terms of the private placement, as
approved by the Audit, Conflicts and Governance (";ACG";) Committee of
EPGP';s Board of Directors on September 1, 2009, the per unit purchase price of
$25.25 was calculated based on a 5% discount to the five-day volume
weighted-average price of our common units, as reported by the NYSE at the close
of business on September 4, 2009. The common units were issued
September 8, 2009. 

 66 

 Table of Contents 

 Other
than as described above, there were no sales of unregistered equity securities
during 2009. 
 
 Common
Units Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 
 
 See ";Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans"; under Item 12 of this annual report, which is
incorporated by reference into this Item 5. 
 
 Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In
December 1998, we announced a common unit repurchase program whereby we,
together with certain affiliates, intended to repurchase up to 2,000,000 of our
common units for the purpose of granting options to management and key employees
(amount adjusted for the 2-for-1 unit split in May 2002). We have not
repurchased any of our common units since 2002 under this program. As
of February 1, 2010, we and our affiliates could repurchase up to 618,400
additional common units under this repurchase program. 
 
 The
following table summarizes our repurchase activity during 2009 in connection
with other arrangements: 

 Maximum 

 Total
 Number of 

 Number
 of Units 

 Average 

 of
 Units Purchased 

 That
 May Yet 

 Total
 Number of 

 Price
 Paid 

 as
 Part of Publicly 

 Be
 Purchased 

 Period 

 Units
 Purchased 

 per
 Unit 

 Announced
 Plans 

 Under
 the Plans 

 February
 2009 

 1,357
 (1) 

 $ 
 22.64 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 2009 

 419
 (2) 

 $ 
 24.69 

 -- 

 -- 

 July
 2009 

 610
 (3) 

 $ 
 28.10 

 -- 

 -- 

 August
 2009 

 61,837
 (4) 

 $ 
 28.00 

 -- 

 -- 

 November
 2009 

 9,477
 (5) 

 $ 
 28.36 

 -- 

 -- 

 December
 2009 

 1,657
 (6) 

 $ 
 29.73 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1)
 Of
 the 11,000 restricted unit awards that vested in February 2009 and
 converted to common units, 1,357 of these units were sold back to the
 partnership by employees to cover related withholding tax
 requirements. 
 (2)
 Of
 the 1,500 restricted unit awards that vested in May 2009 and converted to
 common units, 419 of these units were sold back to the partnership by
 employees to cover related withholding tax requirements. 
 (3)
 Of
 the 2,300 restricted unit awards that vested in July 2009 and converted to
 common units, 610 of these units were sold back to the partnership by
 employees to cover related withholding tax requirements. 
 (4)
 Of
 the 229,500 restricted unit awards that vested in August 2009 and
 converted to common units, 61,837 of these units were sold back to the
 partnership by employees to cover related withholding tax
 requirements. 
 (5)
 Of
 the 31,000 restricted unit awards that vested in November 2009 and
 converted to common units, 9,477 of these units were sold back to the
 partnership by employees to cover related withholding tax
 requirements. 
 (6)
 Of
 the 6,200 restricted unit awards that vested in December 2009 and
 converted to common units, 1,657 of these units were sold back to the
 partnership by employees to cover related withholding tax
 requirements. 

 67 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Selected Financial
Data . 
 
 The
following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of our
partnership. This information has been derived from and should be
read in conjunction with the audited financial statements. Our
results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005
and financial position at December 31, 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005 have been
recast to reflect the TEPPCO Merger. The inclusion of TEPPCO and
TEPPCO GP in our consolidated financial statements was effective January 1, 2005
because an affiliate of EPCO under common control with us originally acquired
ownership interests in TEPPCO GP in February 2005. Information
regarding our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources can be
found under Item 7 of this annual report. As presented in the table,
amounts are in millions (except per unit data). 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 Operating results data:
 (1) 

 Revenues 

 $ 25,510.9 

 $ 35,469.6 

 $ 26,713.8 

 $ 23,612.1 

 $ 20,858.3 

 Income
 from continuing operations (2) 

 $ 1,155.1 

 $ 1,188.9 

 $ 838.0 

 $ 786.1 

 $ 581.6 

 Net
 income 

 $ 1,155.1 

 $ 1,188.9 

 $ 838.0 

 $ 787.6 

 $ 577.4 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P. 

 $ 1,030.9 

 $ 954.0 

 $ 533.6 

 $ 601.1 

 $ 419.5 

 Earnings
 per unit: 

 Basic
 and diluted 

 $ 1.73 

 $ 1.84 

 $ 0.95 

 $ 1.20 

 $ 0.90 

 Other
 financial data: 

 Distributions
 per common unit (3) 

 $ 2.1950 

 $ 2.0750 

 $ 1.9475 

 $ 1.8250 

 $ 1.6975 

 As
 of December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 2006 

 2005 

 Financial position data:
 (1) 

 Total
 assets 

 $ 26,151.6 

 $ 24,211.6 

 $ 22,515.5 

 $ 19,109.2 

 $ 17,486.7 

 Long-term
 and current maturities of debt (4) 

 $ 11,346.4 

 $ 11,637.9 

 $ 8,771.1 

 $ 6,898.9 

 $ 6,358.8 

 Equity
 (5) 

 $ 10,042.3 

 $ 9,295.9 

 $ 9,016.5 

 $ 9,124.9 

 $ 8,203.8 

 Total
 common units outstanding (5) 

 605.9 

 441.4 

 435.3 

 432.4 

 389.9 

 (1)
 In
 general, our historical operating results and financial position have been
 affected by numerous transactions, including the TEPPCO Merger, which was
 completed on October 26, 2009. 
 (2)
 Amounts
 presented for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 are before the
 cumulative effect of accounting changes. 
 (3)
 Distributions
 per common unit represent declared cash distributions with respect to the
 four fiscal quarters of each period presented. 
 (4)
 In
 general, the balances of our long-term and current maturities of debt have
 increased over time as a result of financing all or a portion of
 acquisitions and other capital spending. 
 (5)
 We
 regularly issue common units through underwritten public offerings and,
 less frequently, in connection with acquisitions or other
 transactions. For additional information regarding our equity
 and unit history, see Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
 report. 

 68 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management';s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 For
the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. 
 
 The following information should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and our
accompanying notes included in this annual report. Our discussion and
analysis includes the following: 

 &#167; 

 Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

 &#167; 

 Overview
 of Business. 

 &#167; 

 Basis
 of Financial Statement
Presentation. 

 &#167; 

 Significant
 Recent Developments &#8211; Discusses significant developments during the year
 ended December 31, 2009 and through the date of this
 filing. 

 &#167; 

 General
 Outlook for 2010. 

 &#167; 

 Results
 of Operations &#8211; Discusses material year-to-year variances in our
 Statements of Consolidated
Operations. 

 &#167; 

 Liquidity
 and Capital Resources &#8211; Addresses available sources of liquidity and
 capital resources and includes a discussion of our capital spending
 program. 

 &#167; 

 Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates. 

 &#167; 

 Other
 Items &#8211; Includes information related to contractual obligations,
 off-balance sheet arrangements and other
 matters. 

 Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. 
 
 Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This
discussion contains various forward-looking statements and information that are
based on our beliefs and those of our general partner, as well as assumptions
made by us and information currently available to us. When used in
this document, words such as ";anticipate,"; ";project,"; ";expect,"; ";plan,"; ";seek,";
";goal,"; ";estimate,"; ";forecast,"; ";intend,"; ";could,"; ";should,"; ";will,"; ";believe,";
";may,"; ";potential"; and similar expressions and statements regarding our plans
and objectives for future operations, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Although we and our general partner believe that such
expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable,
neither we nor our general partner can give any assurances that such
expectations will prove to be correct. Such statements are subject to
a variety of risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described in more detail in
Item 1A of this annual report. If one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our
actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected
or expected. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements in the annual report speak
only as of the date hereof. Except as required by federal and state
securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or any other reason. 
 
 Overview
of Business 
 
 We are a
North American midstream energy company providing a wide range of services to
producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and
certain petrochemicals. Our midstream energy asset network links
producers of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil from some of the largest supply
basins in the United States, Canada and the Gulf of Mexico with domestic
consumers and 

 69 

 Table of Contents 

 international
markets. In addition, we are an industry leader in the development of
pipeline and other midstream energy infrastructure in the continental United
States and Gulf of Mexico. We are a publicly traded Delaware limited
partnership formed in 1998, the common units of which are listed on the NYSE
under the ticker symbol ";EPD."; We conduct substantially all of our business
through EPO. We are owned 98% by our limited partners and 2% by our
general partner, EPGP. EPGP is owned 100% by Enterprise GP
Holdings. 
 
 In
connection with the TEPPCO Merger, we revised our business
segments. Our reorganized business segments reflect the manner in
which these businesses are managed and reviewed by the chief executive officer
of our general partner. Under our new business segment structure, we
have five reportable business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services; (ii)
Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services; (iii) Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines
& Services; (iv) Offshore Pipelines & Services; and (v) Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services. Our business segments are generally
organized and managed according to the type of services rendered (or
technologies employed) and products produced and/or sold. 
 
 Basis
of Financial Statement Presentation 
 
 Since
Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are under common control of
EPCO and its affiliates, the TEPPCO Merger was accounted for at historical costs
as a reorganization of entities under common control in a manner similar to a
pooling of interests. The inclusion of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP in our
consolidated financial statements was effective January 1, 2005 because an
affiliate of EPCO under common control with Enterprise Products Partners
originally acquired ownership interests in TEPPCO GP in February
2005. 
 
 Our
consolidated financial statements prior to the TEPPCO Merger reflect the
combined financial information of Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO and
TEPPCO GP on a 100% basis. Third-party and related party ownership
interests in TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are reflected as ";Former owners of TEPPCO,"; a
component of noncontrolling interest. 
 
 The
financial statements of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were prepared from the separate
accounting records maintained by TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP. All
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. 
 
 There was
no change in net income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. for
periods prior to the merger since net income attributable to TEPPCO and TEPPCO
GP was allocated to noncontrolling interests. Additionally, there was
no change in our reported earnings per unit for such periods. See
";Other Items"; included within this Item 7 for information regarding total
segment gross operating margin, which is a non-generally accepted accounting
principle (";non-GAAP";) financial measure of segment performance. 

 70 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following information is provided to reconcile total revenues and total gross
operating margin for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, as currently
presented, with those we previously presented (dollars in
millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total
 revenues, as previously reported 

 $ 
 21,905.6 

 $ 
 16,950.1 

 Revenues
 from TEPPCO 

 13,532.9 

 9,658.1 

 Revenues
 from Jonah Gas Gathering Company (";Jonah";) (1) 

 232.8 

 204.1 

 Eliminations
 (2) 

 (201.7 
 ) 

 (98.5 
 ) 

 Total
 revenues, as currently reported 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin, as previously reported 

 $ 
 2,057.4 

 $ 
 1,492.1 

 Gross
 operating margin from TEPPCO 

 501.0 

 434.8 

 Gross
 operating margin from Jonah 

 157.6 

 125.4 

 Eliminations
 (3) 

 (107.0 
 ) 

 (87.9 
 ) 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin, as currently reported 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 (1)
 Prior
 to the TEPPCO Merger, we and TEPPCO were joint venture partners in
 Jonah. As a result of the merger, Jonah became a consolidated
 subsidiary. 
 (2)
 Represents
 the eliminations of revenues between Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO
 and Jonah. 
 (3)
 Represents
 equity earnings from Jonah recorded by Enterprise Products Partners and
 TEPPCO prior to the merger. 

 Significant
Recent Developments 
 
 Merger
of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP with Enterprise Products Partners 
 
 On
October 26, 2009, the related mergers of our wholly owned subsidiaries with
TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were completed. Under terms of the merger
agreements, TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP became wholly owned subsidiaries of ours and
each of TEPPCO's unitholders, except for a privately held affiliate of EPCO,
were entitled to receive 1.24 of our common units for each TEPPCO
unit. In total, we issued an aggregate of 126,932,318 common units
and 4,520,431 Class B units (described below) as consideration in the TEPPCO
Merger for both TEPPCO units and the TEPPCO GP membership
interests. TEPPCO';s units, which had been trading on the NYSE under
the ticker symbol ";TPP,"; have been delisted and are no longer publicly
traded. On October 27, 2009, our TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP equity
interests were contributed to EPO, and TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP became wholly owned
subsidiaries of EPO. 
 
 A
privately held affiliate of EPCO exchanged a portion of its TEPPCO units, based
on the 1.24 exchange rate, for 4,520,431 of our Class B units in lieu of common
units. The Class B units are not entitled to regular quarterly cash
distributions for the first sixteen quarters following the closing date of the
merger. The Class B units automatically convert into the same number
of common units on the date immediately following the payment date for the
sixteenth quarterly distribution following the closing date of the
merger. The Class B units are entitled to vote together with the
common units as a single class on partnership matters and, except for the
payment of distributions, have the same rights and privileges as our common
units. 
 
 In
connection with the TEPPCO Merger, EPO commenced offers in September 2009 to
exchange all of TEPPCO';s outstanding notes (a combined principal amount of $2
billion) for a corresponding series of new EPO notes. The purpose of
the exchange offer was to simplify our capital structure following the TEPPCO
Merger. The exchanges for tendered TEPPCO notes were completed on
October 27, 2009. The new EPO notes are guaranteed by Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. The EPO notes issued in the exchange were
recorded at the same carrying value as the TEPPCO notes being
replaced. Accordingly, we recognized no gain or loss for
accounting purposes related to this exchange. All note exchange
direct costs paid to third parties have been expensed. In addition to
the debt exchange, we gained approval from the requisite TEPPCO noteholders to
eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants and reporting
requirements associated with the remaining TEPPCO notes. Upon the
consummation of the TEPPCO Merger, EPO repaid and terminated indebtedness under
TEPPCO';s revolving credit facility. 

 71 

 Table of Contents 

 Enterprise
Products Partners and Duncan Energy Partners Announce Extension of 
 Acadian
Gas System into Haynesville Shale Supply Basin 
 
 In
October 2009, we and our affiliate, Duncan Energy Partners, announced plans for
our jointly owned Acadian Gas System to extend its Louisiana intrastate natural
gas pipeline system into northwest Louisiana to provide producers in the rapidly
expanding Haynesville Shale natural gas supply basin with access to additional
markets through connections with the Acadian Gas System in south Louisiana and
nine major interstate natural gas pipelines (";Haynesville
Extension";). The Haynesville Shale producing area is believed to
cover approximately 2 million acres in northwest Louisiana, almost all of which
is under lease. Production from the approximately 200 wells drilled
to date is estimated at more than 1 Bcf/d. Over 400 locations are in
various stages of drilling and completion with approximately 150 rigs now
working in the region. 
 
 As
currently designed, the Haynesville Extension will have the potential capacity
to transport up to 2.1 Bcf/d of natural gas from the Haynesville area through a
249-mile pipeline that will connect with the existing Acadian Gas
System. The pipeline is expected to be in service during the third
quarter of 2011. 
 
 The
Acadian Gas System serves major natural gas markets along the Mississippi River
corridor between Baton Rouge and New Orleans and has the ability to make
physical deliveries into the Henry Hub. The Haynesville Extension
will also have interconnects with major interstate pipelines including Florida
Gas, Texas Eastern, Transco, Sonat, Columbia Gulf, Trunkline, ANR, Tennessee Gas
and Texas Gas. Together with the capacity of the existing Acadian Gas
System, the extension project will provide approximately 6.2 Bcf/d of redelivery
capacity into an estimated 12 Bcf/d of available downstream pipeline takeaway
capacity. Initially, the project will connect to nine Haynesville
Shale producer locations in DeSoto and Red River parishes. 
 
 Along
with providing much needed natural gas takeaway capacity for growing Haynesville
production, the Haynesville Extension is expected to provide shippers the
opportunity to benefit from additional pricing points and diverse service
options and access to the south Louisiana marketplace. For producers,
the more flexible contracting options associated with an intrastate pipeline
environment is expected to help facilitate a seamless transaction for the
producer from the field to the end user. 
 
 Currently,
Duncan Energy Partners owns a 66% equity interest in the entities that own the
Acadian Gas System, with EPO owning the remaining 34% equity
interest. Duncan Energy Partners and EPO are in discussions regarding
the funding and related aspects of the Haynesville Extension
project. 
 
 Enterprise
Products Partners and TEPPCO Exit Texas Offshore Port System
Partnership 
 
 In August
2008, our wholly owned subsidiaries together with Oiltanking formed
TOPS. Effective April 16, 2009, our wholly owned subsidiaries
dissociated (exited) from TOPS. As a result, operating costs and
expenses and net income for the year ended December 31, 2009 reflect a non-cash
charge of $68.4 million. This loss represented the forfeiture of our
cumulative investment in TOPS through the date of dissociation and reflected our
capital contributions to TOPS for construction in progress amounts. 
On September 17, 2009, we entered into a settlement agreement with certain
affiliates of Oiltanking that resolved all disputes between the parties related
to the business and affairs of the TOPS project. We recognized an
additional $66.9 million of expense during 2009 in connection with the payment
of this cash settlement. The aggregate $135.3 million of charges
recorded during 2009 were classified within the Offshore Pipelines &
Services business segment. 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 General
Outlook for 2010 
 
 Commercial
Outlook 
 
 We provide midstream energy services to
producers and consumers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and
certain petrochemicals. Factors that can affect the demand for our
services include global and U.S. economic conditions, the demand for energy, the
market price of energy, the cost to develop natural gas and crude oil reserves
in the U.S. and the cost and availability of capital to energy companies to
invest in drilling activities. 
 
 The
global economic contraction that began in late 2007 appeared to show signs of
stabilizing in the second half of 2009 with most of the twenty largest developed
economies (";G20";) reporting quarter-over-quarter growth in real gross domestic
product (";GDP";) beginning in the third quarter of 2009. However,
approximately 65% of the G20 were still reporting year-over-year contraction in
real GDP in 2009. The United States reported quarter-over-quarter
real GDP growth of 2.2% and 5.7% for the third and fourth quarters of 2009,
respectively, after five quarters of contraction in real GDP since the beginning
of 2008. Real GDP growth for 2009 compared to 2008 was
0.1%. 
 
 Impacted
by general economic conditions and price shock-induced conservation by
consumers, U.S. demand for petroleum products and natural gas (as reported by
the U.S. Energy Information Administration) for the first ten months of 2009
decreased approximately 5.4% and 2.1%, respectively, from the same periods in
2008 and by approximately 11% and 1.5%, respectively, from the first ten months
of 2007. Likewise, U.S. demand for petroleum products for
transportation purposes (e.g., motor gasoline, distillate and jet fuel) for the
first ten months of 2009 declined by 2.7% and 6.3% compared to the first ten
months of 2008 and 2007, respectively. The rate of decline in U.S.
demand for petroleum products since mid-2009 appears to be moderating and demand
for natural gas since mid-2009 has increased by 1.5% compared to the same period
in 2008. 
 
 Energy
prices have generally rebounded with the recovery in demand, economic growth and
stability in the capital markets. The average prices for West Texas
Intermediate crude oil and Mont Belvieu ethane for December 2009 increased by
approximately 82% and 120%, respectively, from December 2008; while natural gas
at the Henry Hub in December 2009 decreased by 8% from December
2008. Notably, there has been a substantial change in the price
relationship between natural gas and crude oil. In December 2008,
natural gas was priced at 81% of crude oil on an energy equivalent basis
compared to 41% in December 2009. We believe changes in the price
relationships of crude oil and crude oil derivatives to natural gas and NGLs in
the past year could lead to a long-term structural change in feedstock selection
by the petrochemical industry. 
 
 During
2009 and the beginning of 2010, natural gas and NGLs have a significant price
advantage over more costly crude oil and crude oil derivatives (such as
naphtha). This has been primarily driven by (i) a decline in global
crude oil production; (ii) more government-held acreage being off limits to
non-sovereign energy companies; (iii) geopolitical risk; (iv) growing demand for
crude oil by China and other developing countries; (v) the globalization of
natural gas prices with more LNG facilities becoming operational; and (vi) the
technological breakthroughs around the development of natural gas shale resource
basins that have decreased finding and development costs. 
 
 For
ethylene producers, the largest consumers of NGLs, this has meant that ethane
and propane were their most consistently profitable feedstocks in 2009 and are
forecasted to be so in 2010. This feedstock cost advantage and a weak
U.S. dollar provided U.S. ethylene producers with a competitive advantage
globally, especially relative to naphtha crackers in Europe and
Asia. Per industry publications, approximately 24% of 2009 aggregate
domestic production of high density polyethylene (";HDPE";), low density
polyethylene (";LDPE";) and polyvinyl chloride (";PVC";) were for the export
market. 
 
 U.S.
ethylene producers responded by maximizing the use of NGLs as a feedstock,
rationalizing some of their facilities and investing capital to modify their
furnaces to crack more NGLs. The U.S. ethylene industry consumed
almost 1.3 MMBbls/d of NGL feedstocks in December 2009, an 81%
increase 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 over 700
MBPD of NGLs consumed in December 2008. We estimate domestic crackers
are in the process of adding approximately 100 MBPD of new capacity to crack
ethane and propane through modifications to their existing
facilities. Certain international ethylene crackers have reacted to
the NGL feedstock cost advantage by importing propane to displace crude oil
derivatives to feed their heavy crackers, including propane produced in the
U.S. 
 
 Export
ethylene derivative demand remains strong in early 2010, but is expected to
moderate as Middle East production increases later this
year. Chemical margins in the U.S. are also forecasted to compress
due to increased competition, but overall demand for domestically produced
ethylene is expected to decline only by approximately 1.5% to 48.3 billion
lbs/year in 2010 and then increase 2.3% to 49.4 billion lbs/year in
2011. With the global recession abating, domestic demand is expected
to increase, consuming the production that was sold into the export markets in
2008 and 2009. 
 
 Strong
end user demand for NGLs and increases in NGL-rich natural gas production are
expected to (i) keep our natural gas processing plants and NGL fractionators,
pipelines and storage facilities operating at high utilization rates; (ii)
provide attractive natural gas processing margins for our equity NGL production;
and (iii) provide us with opportunities to invest capital to build new natural
gas processing, NGL fractionation and pipeline facilities. 
 
 At the
beginning of 2009, we had opportunities to purchase NGLs and sell them forward
for delivery in late 2009 and early 2010 at attractive sales
margins. To facilitate this activity, we utilized our NGL storage
facilities and pipelines. At the beginning of 2010, these
opportunities have largely diminished. 
 
 Natural
gas prices have significantly declined from a peak of over $13.00 per MMBtu in
mid-2008 to $5.35 per MMBtu in December 2009. This price decrease
coupled with the residual impact of a higher cost of capital for certain energy
companies has generally resulted in energy companies reducing their drilling
capital expenditure budgets. This has led to a substantial decrease
in the number of rigs drilling for natural gas in the U.S., declining from a
peak of 1,606 rigs in August 2008 to a low of 665 rigs in July 2009 as natural
gas prices approached a low of $1.88 per MMBtu in September 2009. The
natural gas rig count has since rebounded to 878 rigs at the beginning of
February 2010. Even though the total natural gas rig count has
dropped by almost half, the substantial efficiencies of horizontal drilling in
the non-conventional and shale supply basins have allowed producers to maintain
overall natural gas deliverability. As a result, rig count is not
necessarily a reliable indicator of the level of future natural gas
production. The rig count has increased in the developing Haynesville
Shale, Marcellus Shale and Eagle Ford Shale area where producers are drilling to
hold recently executed leases. Generally, rig counts remain
significantly below peak levels in areas with conventional natural gas reserves
and areas where producers have leases held by production. 
 
 Certain
of the large natural gas and NGL producing basins we serve have seen a
significant decrease in rig count. In Wyoming, Colorado and New
Mexico, rig counts at the end of 2009 had declined 52%, 66% and 49%,
respectively, from peak levels during 2008. Given the number of wells
waiting to be connected to our pipeline systems, the respective production
decline curves and the decline in drilling activity, we believe the aggregate
natural gas pipeline volumes transported on our Jonah Gas Gathering, Piceance
Basin Gathering and San Juan Gathering systems for 2010 could range from an
increase of 5% to a decrease of 5% compared to volumes transported in
2009. Since the end of 2009, the rig counts in Wyoming and New Mexico
have increased by 14% and 12%, respectively. These areas have
substantial, undeveloped non-conventional natural gas reserves with some of the
lowest finding costs in the U.S. and are supported by existing pipeline
infrastructure to transport the natural gas to market. We believe as
U.S. natural gas supply and demand becomes more balanced and natural gas prices
become less volatile these areas will have an increase in drilling activity to
support, and potentially increase, current production levels. 
 
 In Texas,
the rig count at the end of 2009 was 50% below peak levels during
2008. Since the end of 2009, the rig count in Texas has increased
13%. The rig count in the Barnett Shale area at the end of 2009 was
approximately 55% below peak levels. While the Barnett Shale has a
significant amount of 

 74 

 Table of Contents 

 undeveloped
natural gas reserves at relatively low finding costs, much of the acreage under
lease is held by production. Certain energy companies that were
active in the Barnett Shale have elected to reallocate a portion of their
capital resources in the near term to drill wells in the Haynesville Shale in
Louisiana, the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and the Eagle
Ford Shale in South Texas to secure recently acquired leases that are not held
by production. Despite the lower rig count in the Barnett Shale and
certain other areas of Texas, we expect transportation volumes on our Texas
Intrastate System to increase by up to 10% in 2010 with volume growth
principally attributable to a full year of operations for the Sherman Extension
pipeline and the commencement of operations on the Trinity River Lateral during
the third quarter of 2010. Both of these pipelines serve the Barnett
Shale region. 
 
 South
Texas has seen an increase in drilling activity attributable to the development
of the Eagle Ford Shale, which runs parallel to the Texas Gulf Coast and
adjacent to our Texas Intrastate System. We have completed several
small pipeline projects that enable us to gather, transport and process up to
300 MMcf/d of new natural gas production from the Eagle Ford
Shale. Generally, energy companies have had early success in the
Eagle Ford Shale and several have indicated they plan to accelerate their
drilling programs. Production associated with this region includes
crude oil, NGL-rich natural gas and lean natural gas. We believe
there may be opportunities for us to invest capital to incrementally expand our
natural gas pipeline, storage and processing facilities; NGL pipeline and
fractionation facilities; and crude oil pipeline and storage facilities to
facilitate production growth from this region. 
 
 The rig
count in Louisiana has increased 14% since the end of 2008 primarily due to
development activities in the Haynesville Shale area of northwest
Louisiana. Based on industry success, natural gas production from
this region is expected to grow rapidly over the next several
years. In the fourth quarter of 2009, we announced that seven energy
companies had executed long-term agreements to support the Haynesville Extension
expansion of our Acadian Gas System. The Haynesville Extension is a
249-mile, 42-inch pipeline designed to transport up to 2.1
Bcf/d. Construction of the pipeline will begin in 2010 and is
scheduled to be completed by the end of the third quarter of 2011. 
 
 With
respect to our offshore Gulf of Mexico assets, we expect natural gas volumes
handled by our Independence Hub platform and Trail pipeline to range from 700
BBtus/d to 800 BBtus/d. Our major crude oil pipelines are expected to
transport up to an aggregate 20% increase in volumes as the result of a full
year of operations from our Shenzi pipeline and additional volumes from many
offshore production facilities that were either idle or in limited service for
at least half of 2009 due to repairs to infrastructure damaged by Hurricanes
Gustav and Ike in 2008. 
 
 Our
refined products pipeline generally serves the Petroleum Administration for
Defense District (";PADD";) 2 of the U.S. Demand for refined products
in this region for 2009 decreased by approximately 8% and 19% from 2008 and
2007, respectively. Commensurately, refined products transportation
volumes on our pipelines in 2009 declined by 6.7% and 15.3% compared to 2008 and
2007, respectively. We do not expect any significant improvement in
refined product demand in 2010 in this region due to soft economic conditions
and ongoing conservation. 
 
 We
completed the TEPPCO Merger on October 26, 2009. Our commercial,
engineering and operating teams have had early success in identifying
opportunities to increase revenues and/or lower operating costs by incorporating
the former TEPPCO assets into our integrated midstream system. We
believe we will find additional opportunities in 2010. 
 
 Liquidity
Outlook 
 
 The debt
and equity capital markets have significantly improved since the beginning of
2009. The cost of our term debt and equity capital has generally
declined to pre-financial crisis levels. The availability of term
debt and equity capital has also improved. The availability of credit
commitments from most banks has also improved from a year ago; however, the cost
of new bank debt is significantly higher than pre-crisis levels (by
approximately 2% on borrowed money) and the term of bank capital is generally
limited to no more than three years. 

 75 

 Table of Contents 

 In
January 2010, we completed a public offering of 10,925,000 of our common units,
which resulted in net proceeds of $343.1 million. Upon completion of
that offering, we had liquidity, unrestricted cash and capacity under our
multi-year credit facility, of approximately $2 billion. Based on
information currently available, we estimate that our capital expenditures for
2010 will approximate $1.75 billion, which includes approximately $1.5 billion
for growth capital projects and $250 million for sustaining capital
expenditures. Sustaining capital expenditures in 2010 are
expected to be higher than prior years primarily due to pipeline integrity
projects on certain of our pipelines. We estimate sustaining capital
expenditures for 2011 will be in the range of $210 million to $220
million. 
 
 In 2010,
we have two notes maturing totaling $554.0 million. A $54.0 million
8.70% note matured on March 1, 2010, and a $500.0 million 4.95% senior note
matures on June 1, 2010. We believe we will have sufficient liquidity
and access to capital markets to refinance these maturities. 
 
 We expect
our proactive approach to funding capital spending and other partnership needs,
combined with sufficient trade credit to operate our businesses efficiently, and
available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, to provide us with a
foundation to meet our anticipated liquidity and capital requirements in
2010. We also believe we will be able to access the capital markets
in 2010 to maintain financial flexibility. Based on information
currently available to us, we believe we will maintain our investment grade
credit ratings and meet our loan covenant obligations in 2010. 
 
 We have
approximately $3.2 billion of senior notes maturing in the period beginning 2010
through the end of 2013. In addition, we have a $282.3 million bank
term loan and bank credit facilities with commitments totaling approximately
$2.0 billion maturing during this time period. The U.S. government is
expected to run substantial annual budget deficits, exceeding a trillion dollars
that will require a corresponding issuance of debt by the U.S. Treasury from
2010 through 2013. The interest rate on U.S. Treasury debt has a
direct impact on the cost of our debt. At this time, we are uncertain
what the impact of the large issuance of U.S. Treasury debt and the prevailing
economic and capital market conditions will have on the cost and availability of
capital. To date, we have executed approximately $550.0 million of
interest rate swaps to hedge a portion of our future debt issuance costs to
refinance our debt that matures during the 2010 through 2013 time
period. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the condition of the
capital market and interest rate risk with respect to refinancing these
maturities and funding our capital expenditures. 

 76 

 Table of Contents 

 Results
of Operations 
 
 Selected
Price and Volumetric Data 
 
 The
following table illustrates selected annual and quarterly industry index prices
for natural gas, crude oil and selected NGL and petrochemical products for the
periods presented: 

 Polymer 

 Refinery 

 Natural 

 Normal 

 Natural 

 Grade 

 Grade 

 Gas, 

 Crude
 Oil, 

 Ethane, 

 Propane, 

 Butane, 

 Isobutane, 

 Gasoline, 

 Propylene, 

 Propylene, 

 $/MMBtu 

 $/barrel 

 $/gallon 

 $/gallon 

 $/gallon 

 $/gallon 

 $/gallon 

 $/pound 

 $/pound 

 (1) 

 (2) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 (1) 

 2007
 Averages 

 $6.86 

 $72.24 

 $0.79 

 $1.21 

 $1.42 

 $1.49 

 $1.68 

 $0.52 

 $0.47 

 2008 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $8.03 

 $97.82 

 $1.01 

 $1.47 

 $1.80 

 $1.87 

 $2.12 

 $0.61 

 $0.54 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $10.94 

 $123.80 

 $1.05 

 $1.70 

 $2.05 

 $2.08 

 $2.64 

 $0.70 

 $0.67 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $10.25 

 $118.22 

 $1.09 

 $1.68 

 $1.97 

 $1.99 

 $2.52 

 $0.78 

 $0.66 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $6.95 

 $59.08 

 $0.42 

 $0.80 

 $0.90 

 $0.96 

 $1.09 

 $0.37 

 $0.22 

 2008
 Averages 

 $9.04 

 $99.73 

 $0.89 

 $1.41 

 $1.68 

 $1.72 

 $2.09 

 $0.62 

 $0.52 

 2009 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $4.91 

 $43.31 

 $0.36 

 $0.68 

 $0.87 

 $0.97 

 $0.96 

 $0.26 

 $0.20 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $3.51 

 $59.79 

 $0.43 

 $0.73 

 $0.93 

 $1.11 

 $1.21 

 $0.34 

 $0.28 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $3.39 

 $68.24 

 $0.47 

 $0.87 

 $1.12 

 $1.19 

 $1.42 

 $0.48 

 $0.43 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $4.16 

 $76.19 

 $0.67 

 $1.09 

 $1.39 

 $1.49 

 $1.64 

 $0.50 

 $0.44 

 2009
 Averages 

 $3.99 

 $61.88 

 $0.48 

 $0.84 

 $1.08 

 $1.19 

 $1.31 

 $0.39 

 $0.34 

 (1)
 Natural
 gas, NGL, polymer grade propylene and refinery grade propylene prices
 represent an average of various commercial index prices including Oil
 Price Information Service and Chemical Marketing Associates, Inc.
 (";CMAI";). Natural gas price is representative of Henry-Hub
 I-FERC. NGL prices are representative of Mont Belvieu Non-TET
 pricing. Refinery grade propylene represents a weighted-average
 of CMAI spot prices. Polymer-grade propylene represents average
 CMAI contract pricing. 
 (2)
 Crude
 oil price is representative of an index price for West Texas Intermediate
 as measured on the NYMEX. 

 77 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table presents our significant average throughput, production and
processing volumetric data. These statistics are reported on a net
basis, taking into account our ownership interests in certain joint ventures and
reflect the periods in which we owned an interest in such
operations. These statistics include volumes for newly constructed
assets since the dates such assets were placed into service and for recently
purchased assets since the date of acquisition. 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services, net: 

 NGL
 transportation volumes (MBPD) 

 2,196 

 2,021 

 1,877 

 NGL
 fractionation volumes (MBPD) 

 461 

 441 

 405 

 Equity
 NGL production (MBPD) 

 117 

 108 

 88 

 Fee-based
 natural gas processing (MMcf/d) 

 2,650 

 2,524 

 2,565 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, net: 

 Natural
 gas transportation volumes (BBtus/d) 

 10,435 

 9,612 

 8,465 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, net: 

 Crude
 oil transportation volumes (MBPD) 

 680 

 696 

 652 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services, net: 

 Natural
 gas transportation volumes (BBtus/d) 

 1,420 

 1,408 

 1,641 

 Crude
 oil transportation volumes (MBPD) 

 308 

 169 

 163 

 Platform
 natural gas processing (MMcf/d) 

 700 

 632 

 494 

 Platform
 crude oil processing (MBPD) 

 12 

 15 

 24 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services, net: 

 Butane
 isomerization volumes (MBPD) 

 97 

 86 

 90 

 Propylene
 fractionation volumes (MBPD) 

 68 

 58 

 68 

 Octane
 enhancement production volumes (MBPD) 

 10 

 9 

 9 

 Transportation
 volumes, primarily refined products 
 and
 petrochemicals (MBPD) 

 806 

 818 

 882 

 Total,
 net: 

 NGL,
 crude oil, refined products and petrochemical transportation 
 volumes
 (MBPD) 

 3,990 

 3,704 

 3,574 

 Natural
 gas transportation volumes (BBtus/d) 

 11,855 

 11,020 

 10,106 

 Equivalent
 transportation volumes (MBPD) (1) 

 7,110 

 6,604 

 6,233 

 (1) Reflects
 equivalent energy volumes where 3.8 MMBtus of natural gas are equivalent
 to one barrel of NGLs. 

 Comparison
of Results of Operations 
 
 The
following table summarizes the key components of our results of operations for
the periods indicated (dollars in millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 25,510.9 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 23,565.8 

 33,618.9 

 25,402.1 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 172.3 

 137.2 

 127.2 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 51.2 

 34.9 

 10.5 

 Operating
 income 

 1,824.0 

 1,748.4 

 1,195.0 

 Interest
 expense 

 641.8 

 540.7 

 413.0 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 25.3 

 31.0 

 15.7 

 Net
 income 

 1,155.1 

 1,188.9 

 838.0 

 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 124.2 

 234.9 

 304.4 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 1,030.9 

 954.0 

 533.6 

 78 

 Table of Contents 

 Our gross
operating margin by segment and in total is as follows for the periods indicated
(dollars in millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Gross
 operating margin by segment: 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 1,628.7 

 $ 
 1,325.0 

 $ 
 848.0 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 

 501.5 

 589.9 

 493.2 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 

 164.4 

 132.2 

 109.6 

 Offshore
 Pipeline & Services 

 180.5 

 187.0 

 171.6 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 364.7 

 374.9 

 342.0 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin 

 $ 
 2,839.8 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 For a
reconciliation of non-GAAP gross operating margin to GAAP operating income and
further to GAAP income before provision for income taxes, see ";Other Items &#8211;
Non-GAAP Reconciliations"; included within this Item 7. 
 
 The
following table summarizes the contribution to revenues from each business
segment (including the effects of eliminations and adjustments) during the
periods indicated (dollars in millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of NGLs 

 $ 
 11,598.9 

 $ 
 14,573.5 

 $ 
 11,701.3 

 Sales
 of other petroleum and related products 

 1.8 

 2.4 

 3.0 

 Midstream
 services 

 708.3 

 737.9 

 746.4 

 Total 

 12,309.0 

 15,313.8 

 12,450.7 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of natural gas 

 2,410.5 

 3,083.1 

 1,676.7 

 Midstream
 services 

 739.4 

 733.3 

 649.2 

 Total 

 3,149.9 

 3,816.4 

 2,325.9 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of crude oil 

 7,110.6 

 12,696.2 

 9,048.5 

 Midstream
 services 

 80.4 

 67.6 

 55.3 

 Total 

 7,191.0 

 12,763.8 

 9,103.8 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of natural gas 

 1.2 

 2.8 

 3.2 

 Sales
 of crude oil 

 5.3 

 11.1 

 12.1 

 Midstream
 services 

 333.4 

 254.5 

 208.5 

 Total 

 339.9 

 268.4 

 223.8 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services: 

 Sales
 of other petroleum and related products 

 1,991.8 

 2,757.6 

 2,207.2 

 Midstream
 services 

 529.3 

 549.6 

 402.4 

 Total 

 2,521.1 

 3,307.2 

 2,609.6 

 Total
 consolidated revenues 

 $ 
 25,510.9 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Our
consolidated revenues are derived from a wide customer base. During
2009, our largest non-affiliated customer based on revenues was Shell, which
accounted for 9.8% of our revenues. During 2008 and 2007, our largest
non-affiliated customer based on revenues was Valero, which accounted for 11.2%
and 8.9%, respectively, of our revenues. 
 
 Comparison
of 2009 with 2008 
 
 Revenues
for 2009 were $25.51 billion compared to $35.47 billion for 2008. The
$9.96 billion year-to-year decrease in consolidated revenues is primarily due to
lower energy commodity sales prices during 2009 relative to 2008. This
factor accounted for a $10.01 billion year-to-year decrease in consolidated
revenues associated with our NGL, natural gas, crude oil, petrochemical and
refined products 

 79 

 Table of Contents 

 marketing
activities. Collectively, the remainder of our consolidated revenues
increased $47.9 million year-to-year primarily due to improved results from our
offshore activities. Revenues from our Offshore Pipelines &
Services business segment for 2009 include aggregate property damage and
business interruption insurance proceeds of $31.0 million. 
 
 Operating
costs and expenses were $23.57 billion for 2009 compared to $33.62 billion for
2008, a $10.05 billion year-to-year decrease. The cost of sales of our
marketing activities decreased $9.59 billion year-to-year primarily due to lower
energy commodity sales prices. Likewise, the operating costs and
expenses of our natural gas processing plants decreased $700.0 million
year-to-year primarily due to lower plant thermal reduction (";PTR";) costs
attributable to the decline in energy commodity prices. Consolidated
operating costs and expenses for 2009 include $68.4 million of expenses related
to the forfeiture of our interest in TOPS and $66.9 million of expenses related
to the settlement of litigation involving TOPS. Collectively, the
remainder of our consolidated operating costs and expenses increased $105.1
million year-to-year primarily due to higher depreciation expense and non-cash
impairment charges recorded during 2009. General and administrative
costs increased $35.1 million year-to-year primarily due to expenses we incurred
during 2009 in connection with the TEPPCO Merger. 
 
 Changes
in our revenues and costs and expenses year-to-year are primarily explained by
changes in energy commodity prices. The weighted-average indicative
market price for NGLs was $0.85 per gallon during 2009 versus $1.40 per gallon
during 2008 &#8211; a 39% decrease year-to-year. Our determination of the
weighted-average indicative market price for NGLs is based on U.S. Gulf Coast
prices for such products at Mont Belvieu, Texas, which is the primary industry
hub for domestic NGL production. The market price of natural gas (as
measured at Henry Hub in Louisiana) averaged $3.99 per MMBtu during 2009 versus
$9.04 per MMBtu during 2008 &#8211; a 56% decrease year-to-year. The market
price of crude oil (as measured on the NYMEX) averaged $61.88 per barrel during
2009 compared to $99.73 per barrel during 2008 &#8211; a 38% decrease
year-to-year. See ";Selected Price and Volumetric Data"; included
within this Item 7 for additional historical energy commodity pricing
information. 
 
 Equity in
income of our unconsolidated affiliates was $51.2 million for 2009 compared to
$34.9 million for 2008, a $16.3 million year-to-year
increase. Collectively, equity in income from our investments in
Cameron Highway and Poseidon increased $13.8 million year-to-year due to higher
crude oil transportation volumes. Equity in income from our
investments in White River Hub, LLC (";White River Hub";) and Skelly-Belvieu
increased $3.1 million and $1.9 million year-to-year,
respectively. The assets owned by White River Hub began commercial
operations in December 2008. We acquired a 49% equity interest in
Skelly-Belvieu during December 2008. Equity in income from our Marco
Polo platform decreased $13.3 million year-to-year primarily due to the
expiration of demand fee revenues during March 2009. The Marco Polo
platform is owned through our investment in Deepwater
Gateway. Collectively, equity in income of our other investments
increased $10.8 million year-to-year largely due to improved results from our
investments in south Louisiana. 
 
 Operating income for
2009 was $1.82 billion compared to $1.75 billion for
2008. Collectively, the aforementioned changes in revenues, costs and
expenses and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates contributed to the
$75.6 million year-to-year increase in operating income. 
 
 Interest
expense increased to $641.8 million for 2009 from $540.7 million for
2008. The $101.1 million year-to-year increase in interest expense is
primarily due to our issuance of Senior Notes M and N in the second quarter of
2008, Senior Notes O in the fourth quarter of 2008 and a $37.6 million decrease
in capitalized interest during 2009 relative to 2008. Average debt
principal outstanding increased to $11.92 billion during 2009 from $10.17
billion during 2008 primarily due to debt incurred to fund growth capital
investments. 
 
 Provision
for income taxes decreased $5.7 million year-to-year primarily due to lower
expenses associated with the Texas Margin Tax, partially offset by a one-time
charge of $6.6 million associated with taxable gains arising from Dixie Pipeline
Company';s (";Dixie";) sale of certain assets during 2009. 

 80 

 Table of Contents 

 As a
result of items noted in the previous paragraphs, our consolidated net income
decreased $33.8 million year-to-year to $1.16 billion for 2009 compared to $1.19
billion for 2008. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
was $124.2 million for 2009 compared to $234.9 million for 2008. Such
amounts reflect $66.5 million and $193.6 million of net income for 2009 and
2008, respectively, attributable to former owners of TEPPCO. Net
income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners increased $76.9 million
year-to-year to $1.03 billion for 2009 compared to $954.0 million for
2008. 
 
 In
general, Hurricanes Gustav and Ike had an adverse effect across our operations
in the Gulf of Mexico and along the U.S. Gulf Coast during
2008. Storm-related disruptions in natural gas, NGL and crude oil
production in these regions resulted in reduced volumes available to our
pipeline systems, natural gas processing plants, NGL fractionators and offshore
platforms, which in turn caused a decrease in gross operating margin for certain
operations. In addition, property damage caused by Hurricanes Gustav
and Ike resulted in lower revenues due to facility downtime as well as higher
operating costs and expenses at certain of our plants and
pipelines. As a result of our allocated share of EPCO';s insurance
deductibles for windstorm coverage, gross operating margin for 2008 includes
$49.1 million of repair expenses for property damage sustained by our assets as
a result of the hurricanes. 
 
 We
estimate that gross operating margin was reduced by approximately $81.0 million
during 2008 due to the effects of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike as a result of
supply interruptions and facility downtime. For more information
regarding our insurance program and claims related to these storms, see Note 19
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. 
 
 The
following information highlights significant year-to-year variances in gross
operating margin by business segment: 
 
 NGL
Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin from this business
segment was $1.63 billion for 2009 compared to $1.33 billion for 2008, a $303.7
million year-to-year increase. Results for 2009 include $4.4 million
of proceeds from business interruption insurance claims compared to $1.1 million
of proceeds for 2008. The following paragraphs provide a discussion
of segment results excluding the effect of cash proceeds from business
interruption insurance. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing
business was $948.8 million for 2009 compared to $815.3 million for 2008, a
$133.5 million year-to-year increase. Equity NGL production increased
to 117 MBPD during 2009 from 108 MBPD during 2008. The recently
completed Meeker and Pioneer facilities and related hedging program contributed
$104.7 million of the year-to-year increase in gross operating margin due to
higher volumes and improved processing margins. These Rocky Mountain
natural gas processing plants produced 60 MBPD of equity NGLs during 2009
compared to 49 MBPD during 2008. During 2009, we significantly
increased the volume of forward sales transactions in connection with our NGL
marketing activities resulting in higher sales margins and increased utilization
of certain of our pipeline and storage facilities. Our NGL marketing
activities contributed $95.7 million of the year-to-year increase in gross
operating margin. Collectively, gross operating margin from the
remainder of this business decreased $66.9 million year-to-year primarily due to
lower NGL sales margins and equity NGL production volumes in Texas and New
Mexico. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our NGL pipelines and related storage business was $539.5
million for 2009 compared to $397.4 million for 2008, a $142.1 million
year-to-year increase. Total NGL transportation volumes increased to
2,196 MBPD during 2009 from 2,021 MBPD during 2008. Gross operating margin
from our Mid-America and Seminole Pipeline Systems increased $85.7 million
year-to-year due to a $26.4 million benefit in 2009 related to the Mid-America
Pipeline System rate case settlement, an increase in the system-wide tariff,
higher volumes and lower fuel costs. Gross operating margin from our
NGL import/export terminal and related pipeline increased $20.3 million
year-to-year primarily due to higher export volumes. Our Mont Belvieu
storage complex contributed $14.9 million of the year-to-year increase in gross
operating margin due to higher volumes and fees. Collectively, gross
operating margin from the remainder of our NGL pipelines and related storage
assets increased $21.2 million year-to-year primarily due to improved results
from our south Louisiana assets. 

 81 

 Table of Contents 

 Gross
operating margin from our NGL fractionation business was $136.0 million for 2009
compared to $111.2 million for 2008. Gross operating margin from this
business increased $24.8 million year-to-year primarily due to lower fuel costs
and higher NGL fractionation volumes at our Mont Belvieu and South Louisiana
fractionators during 2009 compared to 2008. Fractionation volumes
were 461 MBPD during 2009 compared to 441 MBPD during 2008. 
 
 Onshore
Natural Gas Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin
from this business segment was $501.5 million for 2009 compared to $589.9
million for 2008, an $88.4 million year-to-year decrease. Our onshore
natural gas transportation volumes were 10,435 BBtus/d during 2009 compared to
9,612 BBtus/d during 2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our onshore natural gas pipeline and related natural gas
marketing business was $448.5 million for 2009 compared to $550.5 million for
2008, a $102.0 million year-to-year decrease. Gross operating margin from
our San Juan gathering system decreased $106.4 million year-to-year primarily
due to lower fees indexed to regional natural gas prices and condensate sales
revenues as a result of the year-to-year decrease in commodity
prices. Gross operating margin from our Texas Intrastate System
decreased $14.4 million year-to-year. Contributions from the Sherman
Extension pipeline of our Texas Intrastate System during 2009 were more than
offset by a year-to-year increase in operating costs and expenses and lower
revenues from the sale of pipeline condensate. Our Jonah gathering
system contributed a $17.0 million year-to-year increase in gross operating
margin primarily due to higher natural gas gathering
volumes. Collectively, gross operating margin from the remainder of
the businesses classified within this segment increased $1.8 million
year-to-year primarily due to improved results from natural gas marketing during
2009 compared to 2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our natural gas storage business was $53.0 million for
2009 compared to $39.4 million for 2008. The $13.6 million
year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is primarily due to increased
storage activity at our Petal natural gas storage facility and improved results
at our Wilson facility. We placed an additional natural gas storage
cavern in operation during the third quarter of 2008 at our Petal facility,
which provided an additional 4.2 Bcf of subscribed capacity. 
 
 Onshore
Crude Oil Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin
from this business segment was $164.4 million for 2009 compared to $132.2
million for 2008, a $32.2 million year-to-year increase. Total
onshore crude oil transportation volumes were 680 MBPD during 2009 compared to
696 MBPD during 2008. Gross operating margin from crude oil marketing
activities increased $36.4 million year-to-year primarily due to higher sales
volumes and margins during 2009 relative to 2008. Collectively, gross
operating margin from our crude oil terminals in Cushing, Oklahoma and Midland,
Texas increased $3.8 million year-to-year primarily due to higher storage
revenues and throughput volumes. Gross operating margin from the
remainder of the assets within this business segment decreased $8.0 million
year-to-year primarily due to lower volumes and higher operating expenses on our
South Texas System and lower equity in income from our investment in
Seaway. The pipeline assets owned by Seaway experienced lower volumes
and average fees during 2009 compared to 2008. 
 
 Offshore
Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin from this
business segment was $180.5 million for 2009 compared to $187.0 million for
2008, a $6.5 million year-to-year decrease. Results for 2009 include
$28.9 million of proceeds from business interruption insurance claims compared
to $0.2 million of such proceeds in 2008. The following paragraphs
provide a discussion of segment results excluding proceeds from business
interruption insurance proceeds. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our offshore crude oil pipeline business was a loss of
$56.1 million for 2009 versus $35.1 million of earnings for 2008, a $91.2
million year-to-year decrease. Excluding $135.3 million of expenses
related to TOPS recorded during 2009, gross operating margin from our offshore
crude oil pipelines increased $44.1 million year-to-year primarily due to the
start-up of our Shenzi crude oil pipeline in April 2009 and higher
transportation volumes on our Poseidon crude oil pipeline. Total
offshore crude oil transportation volumes were 308 MBPD during 2009 versus 169
MBPD during 2008. 

 82 

 Table of Contents 

 Gross
operating margin from our offshore natural gas pipeline business was $65.1
million for 2009 compared to $6.9 million for 2008, a $58.2 million year-to-year
increase. Offshore natural gas transportation volumes were 1,420 BBtus/d
during 2009 versus 1,408 BBtus/d during 2008. Gross operating margin from
our Independence Trail pipeline increased $39.8 million
year-to-year. Results for 2008 were negatively impacted by expenses
and downtime associated with flex joint repairs on the Independence Trail
pipeline; whereas, results for 2009 include $8.7 million of insurance proceeds
related to the flex joint repairs. Collectively, gross operating
margin from our other offshore natural gas pipelines increased $18.4 million
year-to-year primarily due to hurricane-related property damage repair expenses
during 2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our offshore platform services business was $142.6 million
for 2009 compared to $144.8 million for 2008, a $2.2 million year-to-year
decrease. Gross operating margin from our Independence Hub platform
increased $12.1 million year-to-year primarily due to an increase in natural gas
processing volumes. Our Independence Hub platform experienced reduced
volumes and downtime during 2008 in connection with the pipeline flex joint
repairs. Collectively, gross operating margin from our other offshore
platforms and related assets decreased $14.3 million year-to-year primarily due
to lower natural gas and crude oil processing volumes at our Marco Polo platform
as a result of prolonged hurricane-related disruptions and the expiration of
demand fee revenues at our Marco Polo and Falcon platforms. Our net
platform natural gas processing volumes increased to 700 MMcf/d during 2009
compared to 632 MMcf/d during 2008. Our net platform crude oil
processing volumes decreased to 12 MBPD during 2009 compared to 15 MBPD during
2008. 
 
 Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services . Gross operating margin from
this business segment was $364.7 million for 2009 compared to $374.9 million for
2008, a $10.2 million year-to-year decrease. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from octane enhancement was $11.5 million for 2009 compared to
a loss of $11.3 million for 2008, a $22.8 million year-to-year
increase. Gross operating margin for 2008 was negatively impacted by
downtime, reduced volumes and higher operating expenses as a result of
operational issues and the effects of Hurricane Ike. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from propylene fractionation and related activities was $89.6
million for 2009 compared to $87.2 million for 2008. The $2.4 million
year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is largely due to higher
propylene sales volumes during 2009 relative to 2008. Propylene
fractionation volumes increased to 68 MBPD during 2009 from 58 MBPD during
2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from butane isomerization was $76.2 million for 2009 compared
to $95.9 million for 2008. The $19.7 million year-to-year decrease in
gross operating margin is primarily due to lower proceeds from the sale of plant
by-products as a result of lower commodity prices. Butane
isomerization volumes increased to 97 MBPD during 2009 from 86 MBPD during
2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from refined products pipelines and related activities was
$124.7 million for 2009 compared to $132.9 million for 2008, an $8.2 million
year-to-year decrease. Gross operating margin for 2009 includes $28.7
million of expenses to accrue a liability for pipeline transportation deficiency
fees owed to a third-party. Gross operating margin from the remainder
of this business increased $20.5 primarily due to increased revenue from product
sales, lower operating expenses and higher average fees on our Products Pipeline
System during 2009 relative to 2008. Transportation volumes on our
refined products pipelines were 682 MBPD during 2009 compared to 702 MBPD during
2008. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from marine transportation and other services was $62.7 million
for 2009 compared to $70.2 million for 2008, a $7.5 million year-to-year
decrease. Gross operating margin from marine transportation decreased
$4.8 million year-to-year due to higher operating expenses and lower day rates
during 2009 relative to 2008. These factors more than offset gross
operating margin generated by the acquisition of 19 push boats and 28 barges in
June 2009. The utilization of our marine services fleet averaged 87%
and 93% during 2009 and 2008, respectively. Gross operating margin
from the distribution of lubrication oils and specialty chemicals decreased $2.7
million year-to-year primarily due to lower margins from the sale of specialty
chemicals and higher operating expense during 2009 compared to
2008. 

 83 

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison
of 2008 with 2007 
 
 Revenues
for 2008 were $35.47 billion compared to $26.71 billion for 2007. The
$8.76 billion year-to-year increase in consolidated revenues is primarily due to
higher energy commodity sales volumes and prices during 2008 relative to
2007. These factors accounted for $8.47 billion of the year-to-year
increase in consolidated revenues associated with our NGL, natural gas, crude
oil, petrochemical and refined products marketing activities. Equity
NGLs we produced at our newly constructed Meeker and Pioneer natural gas plants
and sold in connection with our NGL marketing activities contributed $731.3
million of the year-to-year increase in marketing activity
revenues. Collectively, the remainder of our consolidated revenues
increased $281.1 million year-to-year primarily due to newly constructed assets
we placed into service and recently acquired businesses, principally our
Independence project and the marine transportation businesses. 
 
 Operating
costs and expenses were $33.62 billion for 2008 versus $25.4 billion for 2007,
an $8.22 billion year-to-year increase. The cost of sales of our marketing
activities increased $7.11 billion year-to-year primarily due to higher energy
commodity sales volumes and prices. Likewise, the operating costs and
expenses of our natural gas processing plants increased $300.4 million
year-to-year primarily due to higher energy commodity prices. Collectively,
the remainder of our consolidated operating costs and expenses increased $808.7
million year-to-year primarily due to assets we constructed and placed into
service or acquired since January 1, 2007. General and administrative
costs increased $10.0 million year-to-year largely due to our acquisition of
marine transportation businesses during 2008. 
 
 Changes
in our revenues and costs and expenses year-to-year are primarily explained by
changes in energy commodity prices. The weighted-average indicative
market price for NGLs was $1.40 per gallon during 2008 versus $1.19 per gallon
during 2007. The Henry Hub market price of natural gas averaged $9.04
per MMBtu during 2008 versus $6.86 per MMBtu during 2007. The NYMEX
market price of crude oil averaged $99.73 per barrel during 2008 compared to
$72.24 per barrel during 2007. See ";Selected Price and Volumetric
Data"; included within this Item 7 for additional historical energy commodity
pricing information. 
 
 Equity in
income of our unconsolidated affiliates was $34.9 million for 2008 compared to
$10.5 million for 2007, a $24.4 million year-to-year increase. Equity
in income of our investment in Cameron Highway increased $27.6 million
year-to-year due to higher transportation volumes and lower interest
expense. Equity in income of our investment in Seaway increased $9.1
million year-to-year due to higher transportation fees. A non-cash
impairment charge of $7.0 million associated with our investment in Nemo reduced
equity in income for 2007. Collectively, equity in income of our
other investments decreased $19.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher
repair and maintenance expenses during 2008 relative to 2007 as well as the
effects of downtime and reduced volumes attributable to Hurricanes Gustav and
Ike. 
 
 Operating income for
2008 was $1.75 billion compared to $1.2 billion for
2007. Collectively, the aforementioned changes in revenues, costs and
expenses and equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates contributed to the
$553.4 million year-to-year increase in operating income. 
 
 Interest
expense increased to $540.7 million for 2008 from $413.0 million for
2007. The $127.7 million year-to-year increase in interest expense is
primarily due to our issuance of senior and junior notes during 2008 and 2007 to
fund our capital growth projects and business combinations. Our average
debt principal outstanding during 2008 was $10.17 billion compared to $7.82
billion during 2007. Other income for 2007 includes a $59.6 million gain on
the sale of our interests in Mont Belvieu Storage Partners, L.P. and its general
partner (collectively, ";MB Storage";). See Note 9 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report
for information regarding our sale of these equity method
investments. 
 
 Provision
for income taxes increased $15.3 million year-to-year primarily due to higher
expenses associated with the Texas Margin Tax. The increase in
expenses for the Texas Margin Tax primarily reflects a higher taxable margin in
the State of Texas during 2008 relative to 2007. In addition,
we 

 84 

 Table of Contents 

 recognized
a $5.1 million benefit with respect to the Texas Margin Tax during 2007 due to
the reorganization of certain of our entities from partnerships to limited
liability companies. 
 
 As a
result of items noted in the previous paragraphs, our consolidated net income
increased $350.9 million year-to-year to $1.19 billion for 2008 compared to
$838.0 million for 2007. Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests was $234.9 million for 2008 compared to $304.4 million for
2007. Such amounts reflect $193.6 million and $273.8 million of net
income for 2008 and 2007, respectively, attributable to former owners of
TEPPCO. Net income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners
increased $420.4 million year-to-year to $954.0 million for 2008 compared to
$533.6 million for 2007. 
 
 The
following information highlights significant year-to-year variances in gross
operating margin by business segment: 
 
 NGL
Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin from this business
segment was $1.33 billion for 2008 compared to $848.0 million for
2007. The $477.0 million year-to-year increase in segment gross
operating margin is due to strong natural gas processing margins and
petrochemical demand for NGLs as well as an increase in equity NGL production
attributable to our Meeker and Pioneer natural gas processing
facilities. Results for 2007 include $32.7 million of proceeds from
business interruption insurance claims compared to $1.1 million of proceeds for
2008. The following paragraphs provide a discussion of segment
results excluding proceeds from business interruption insurance
claims. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our natural gas processing and related NGL marketing
business was $815.3 million for 2008 compared to $389.1 million for
2007. Equity NGL production increased to 108 MBPD during 2008 from 88
MBPD during 2007. The $426.2 million year-to-year increase in gross
operating margin is largely due to contributions from our Meeker and Pioneer
cryogenic natural gas processing facilities, which commenced commercial
operations during October 2007 and February 2008, respectively. These
facilities contributed $274.5 million of the year-to-year increase in gross
operating margin and produced 49 MBPD of equity NGLs during 2008 compared to 23
MBPD during 2007. Collectively, gross operating margin from the
remainder of this business increased $151.7 million year-to-year primarily due
to improved results from our NGL marketing activities attributable to higher NGL
sales margins and volumes in 2008 relative to 2007. Results for 2008
include $6.8 million of hurricane-related property damage repair expenses
associated with our natural gas processing plants in south
Louisiana. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our NGL pipelines and related storage business was $397.4
million for 2008 compared to $331.1 million for 2007, a $66.3 million
year-to-year increase. Total NGL transportation volumes increased to
2,021 MBPD during 2008 from 1,877 MBPD during 2007. Gross operating margin
from our Mid-America and Seminole Pipeline Systems increased $43.6 million
year-to-year due to higher transportation volumes and an increase in the
system-wide tariff. These pipeline systems contributed 116 MBPD of
the year-to-year increase in NGL transportation volumes. Gross
operating margin from our Mont Belvieu storage complex increased $15.5 million
as a result of higher storage revenues during 2008 relative to
2007. Collectively, gross operating margin from the remainder of our
NGL pipelines and storage business increased $7.2 million year-to-year
attributable to higher transportation volumes on our Dixie and Lou-Tex NGL
Pipeline Systems and lower maintenance and pipeline integrity expenses on our
Dixie and South Louisiana Pipeline Systems. In general, the improved
results from our NGL pipeline and storage assets were partially offset by
downtime and reduced volumes as a result of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike during
2008. Results for 2008 include $0.9 million of hurricane-related
property damage repair expenses. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our NGL fractionation business was $111.2 million for 2008
compared to $95.1 million for 2007, a $16.1 million year-to-year
increase. Fractionation volumes increased from 405 MBPD during 2007
to 441 MBPD during 2008. The increase in gross operating margin and
fractionation volumes is primarily due to our Hobbs fractionator, which we
placed into service during August 2007. Results for 2008 include $0.9
million of hurricane-related property damage repair expenses. 

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 Onshore
Natural Gas Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin
from this business segment was $589.9 million for 2008 compared to $493.2
million for 2007, a $96.7 million year-to-year increase. Our onshore
natural gas transportation volumes were 9,612 BBtus/d during 2008 compared to
8,465 BBtus/d during 2007. Gross operating margin from our onshore
natural gas pipeline and related natural gas marketing business increased to
$550.5 million for 2008 from $464.8 million for 2007. The $85.7 million
year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is primarily due to (i) higher
revenues from our San Juan Gathering System, (ii) higher transportation activity
on our Texas Intrastate System, (iii) higher natural gas sales margins on our
Acadian Gas System, and (iv) an increase in gathering volumes on our Jonah
System as a result of system expansion projects. Results for 2008
include $1.3 million of hurricane-related property damage repair expenses
attributable to Hurricanes Gustav and Ike. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our natural gas storage business was $39.4 million for
2008 compared to $28.4 million for 2007. The $11.0 million
year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is primarily due to increased
storage activity at our Petal natural gas storage facility and improved results
at our Wilson facility. We placed additional natural gas storage
caverns in operation during the third quarters of 2007 and 2008 at our Petal
facility, which provided an additional 1.6 Bcf and 4.2 Bcf of subscribed
capacity, respectively. 
 
 Onshore
Crude Oil Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin
from this business segment was $132.2 million for 2008 compared to $109.6
million for 2007. Total onshore crude oil transportation volumes were
696 MBPD during 2008 compared to 652 MBPD during 2007. The $22.6
million year-to-year increase in segment gross operating margin is primarily due
to an increase in crude oil transportation volumes and fees during 2008 relative
to 2007. Completion of system expansions in south and west Texas
contributed 42 MBPD of the year-to-year increase in crude oil transportation
volumes. Average transportation fees on the pipeline system owned by
Seaway were higher during 2008 compared to 2007 as a result of an increase in
volumes transported on a spot basis and higher long-haul volumes, both of which
are subject to higher tariffs. 
 
 Offshore
Pipelines & Services . Gross operating margin from this
business segment was $187.0 million for 2008 compared to $171.6 million for
2007, a $15.4 million year-to-year increase. Results for 2008 include
$0.2 million of proceeds from business interruption insurance claims compared to
$3.4 million of proceeds during 2007. The following paragraphs
provide a discussion of segment results excluding proceeds from business
interruption insurance. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our offshore platform services business was $144.8 million
for 2008 compared to $111.7 million for 2007, a $33.1 million year-to-year
increase. Our Independence Hub platform, which was completed in March
2007, provided a $49.5 million year-to-year increase in gross operating
margin. Gross operating margin increased year-to-year despite the
platform being shut-in for 66 days during the second quarter of 2008 due to a
leak on the Independence Trail export pipeline. While the
Independence Hub platform did not earn volumetric fees during the period of
suspended operations, the platform continued to earn its fixed demand revenues
of approximately $4.6 million per month. Gross operating margin from
the remainder of this business decreased $16.4 million year-to-year primarily
due to the effects of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike and upstream supply
disruptions. Results for our offshore platform services business
include $5.0 million of hurricane-related property damage repair expenses in
2008. Our net platform natural gas processing volumes increased to
632 MMcf/d during 2008 compared to 494 MMcf/d during 2007. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our offshore crude oil pipeline business was $35.1 million
for 2008 versus $21.1 million for 2007, a $14.0 million year-to-year
increase. Gross operating margin increased $27.6 million year-to-year
due to increased equity in income of Cameron Highway, which benefited from
higher crude oil transportation volumes and no interest expense in 2008 relative
to 2007. Net to our ownership interest, crude oil transportation
volumes on the Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline System were 80 MBPD in 2008 compared
to 44 MBPD in 2007. Gross operating margin from the remainder of this
business decreased $13.6 million year-to-year due to the effects of Hurricanes
Gustav and Ike, which include (i) downtime resulting from damage sustained by
our pipelines as well as downstream assets owned by third-parties and (ii)
reduced volumes available to our pipelines as a result of upstream
supply 

 86 

 Table of Contents 

 disruptions. Results
for our offshore crude oil pipeline business include $2.3 million of
hurricane-related property damage repair expenses in 2008. Total
offshore crude oil transportation volumes were 169 MBPD during 2008 versus 163
MBPD during 2007. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from our offshore natural gas pipeline business was $6.9
million for 2008 compared to $35.4 million for 2007, a $28.5 million
year-to-year decrease. Offshore natural gas transportation volumes were
1,408 BBtus/d during 2008 versus 1,641 BBtus/d during 2007. Gross operating
margin from our Independence Trail pipeline, which first received production in
July 2007, increased $28.4 million year-to-year on a 241 BBtus/d increase in
transportation volumes. Collectively, gross operating margin from our
other offshore natural gas pipelines decreased $56.9 million year-to-year
primarily due to the effects of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike. Results
for 2008 include $29.9 million of hurricane-related property damage repair
expenses. 
 
 Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services . Gross operating margin from
this business segment was $374.9 million for 2008 compared to $342.0 million for
2007. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from propylene fractionation and related activities was $87.2
million for 2008 compared to $66.3 million for 2007. The $20.9
million year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is largely due to higher
propylene sales margins during 2008 relative to 2007. Results for our
propylene fractionation and related pipeline business for 2008 include $0.8
million of hurricane-related property damage repair expenses. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from butane isomerization was $95.9 million for 2008 compared
to $91.4 million for 2007. The $4.5 million year-to-year increase in
gross operating margin is primarily due to strong demand for high-purity
isobutane and increased by-product sales revenues as a result of higher NGL
prices during 2008 relative to 2007. Butane isomerization volumes
decreased to 86 MBPD during 2008 compared to 90 MBPD during 2007 due to
production interruptions resulting from Hurricane Ike and operational issues at
our octane enhancement facility during 2008. Gross operating margin
from octane enhancement was a loss of $11.3 million for 2008 compared to $18.3
million of earnings for 2007. The $29.6 million year-to-year decrease
in gross operating margin is primarily due to downtime, reduced volumes and
higher operating expenses as a result of operational issues during 2008 and the
effects of Hurricane Ike. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from refined products pipelines and related activities was
$132.9 million for 2008 compared to $162.7 million for 2007. The
$29.8 million year-to-year decrease in gross operating margin is primarily due
to higher expenses on our Products Pipeline System during 2008 relative to 2007
for storage tank and pipeline maintenance and the effects of lower
transportation volumes during 2008. Transportation volumes on our
refined products pipelines decreased to 702 MBPD during 2008 from 768 MBPD
during 2007 due in part to the effects of Hurricanes Gustav and
Ike. Results for 2008 include $0.9 million of hurricane-related
property damage repair expenses. 
 
 Gross
operating margin from marine transportation and other services was $70.2 million
for 2008 compared to $3.3 million for 2007. The $66.9 million
year-to-year increase in gross operating margin is primarily attributable to the
marine transportation businesses we acquired during 2008 from Cenac and
Horizon. At December 31, 2008, our fleet of marine vessels consisted
of 51 tow boats and 113 barges. The utilization of our marine
services fleet averaged 93% during 2008. 
 
 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 
 
 Our
primary cash requirements, in addition to normal operating expenses and debt
service, are for working capital, capital expenditures, business combinations
and distributions to partners. We expect to fund our short-term needs
for such items as operating expenses and sustaining capital expenditures with
operating cash flows and revolving credit arrangements. Capital
expenditures for long-term needs resulting from business expansion projects and
acquisitions are expected to be funded by a variety of sources (either
separately or in combination) including operating cash flows, borrowings under
credit facilities, the issuance of additional equity and debt securities and
proceeds from divestitures of ownership interests in 

 87 

 Table of Contents 

 assets to
affiliates or third parties. We expect to fund cash distributions to
partners primarily with operating cash flows. Our debt service
requirements are expected to be funded by operating cash flows and/or
refinancing arrangements. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, we had $54.7 million of unrestricted cash on hand and
approximately $1.66 billion of available credit under our revolving credit
facilities, which includes the available borrowing capacity of our consolidated
subsidiaries such as Duncan Energy Partners. We had approximately
$11.3 billion in principal outstanding under consolidated debt agreements at
December 31, 2009. In total, our consolidated liquidity at December
31, 2009 was approximately $1.72 billion. 
 
 Registration
Statements 
 
 We may
issue equity or debt securities to assist us in meeting our liquidity and
capital spending requirements. Duncan Energy Partners may do likewise
in meeting its liquidity and capital spending requirements. We have a
universal shelf registration statement on file with the SEC that would allow us
to issue an unlimited amount of debt and equity securities for general
partnership purposes. 
 
 The
following tables present information regarding equity and debt offerings made
under our universal shelf registration statement since January 1, 2009 through
the date of this filing. In addition, an exchange offer we made in
connection with the TEPPCO Merger for certain TEPPCO notes was completed under a
Form S-4 registration statement in October 2009. Dollar amounts
presented in the tables are in millions, except offering price
amounts. 

 Underwritten
 Equity Offering 

 Number
 of Common Units Issued 

 Offering 
 Price 

 Net
 Cash 
 Proceeds 
 (1) 

 January
 2009 underwritten offering 

 10,590,000 

 $ 
 22.20 

 $ 
 225.6 

 September
 2009 underwritten offering 

 8,337,500 

 28.00 

 226.4 

 January
 2010 underwritten offering 

 10,925,000 

 32.42 

 343.1 

 Total 

 29,852,500 

 $ 
 795.1 

 (1)
 Net
 cash proceeds from these equity offerings were used to temporarily reduce
 borrowings outstanding under EPO';s Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility
 and for general partnership purposes. 

 Note
 Series 

 Issued 

 Principal
 Amount 

 Senior
 Notes P (1) 

 June
 2009 

 $ 
 500.0 

 Senior
 Notes Q & R (2) 

 October
 2009 

 1,100.0 

 Senior
 Notes S - W (3) 

 October
 2009 

 1,659.9 

 Junior
 Subordinated Notes C (3) 

 October
 2009 

 285.8 

 Total 

 $ 
 3,545.7 

 (1)
 Net
 proceeds from this senior note offering were used to repay a $200.0
 million term loan, temporarily reduce borrowings outstanding under EPO';s
 Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility and for general partnership
 purposes. 
 (2)
 Net
 proceeds from these senior note offerings were used to repay $500.0
 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes F that matured in
 October 2009, temporarily reduce borrowings outstanding under EPO';s
 Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility and for general partnership
 purposes. 
 (3)
 In
 connection with the TEPPCO Merger, substantially all of TEPPCO';s notes
 were exchanged for a corresponding series of new EPO notes. The EPO notes
 issued in the exchange were recorded at the same carrying value as the
 TEPPCO notes being replaced. These notes were issued under a Form S-4
 registration statement. 

 During
2008, Duncan Energy Partners filed a universal shelf registration statement with
the SEC that allows it to issue up to $1 billion of debt and equity
securities. In 2009, Duncan Energy Partners completed an offering of
8,943,400 of its common units, which generated net cash proceeds of
approximately $137.4 million. Duncan Energy Partners used the
aggregate net cash proceeds from this 

 88 

 Table of Contents 

 offering
to repurchase an equal number of its common units that were beneficially owned
by EPO. Duncan Energy Partners subsequently cancelled the common
units it repurchased from EPO. At December 31, 2009, Duncan Energy
Partners can issue approximately $856.4 million of additional equity or debt
securities under its registration statement. 
 
 We have
filed registration statements with the SEC authorizing the issuance of up to an
aggregate 40,000,000 common units in connection with our distribution
reinvestment plan (";DRIP";). The DRIP provides unitholders of record
and beneficial owners of our common units a voluntary means by which they can
increase the number of common units they own by reinvesting the quarterly cash
distributions they would otherwise receive into the purchase of additional
common units of our partnership. During the year ended December 31,
2009, we issued 11,909,083 common units in connection with our DRIP, which
generated proceeds of $286.2 million from plan
participants. Affiliates of EPCO reinvested $246.3 million in
connection with the DRIP during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 In
addition, we have a registration statement on file related to our employee unit
purchase plan, under which we can issue up to 1,200,000 common
units. Under this plan, employees of EPCO can purchase our common
units at a 10% discount through payroll deductions. During the year
ended December 31, 2009, we issued 180,837 common units to employees under this
plan, which generated proceeds of $4.6 million. 
 
 For information regarding our public
debt obligations or partnership equity, see Notes 12 and
13, respectively, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
under Item 8 of this annual report. 
 
 Letter
of Credit Facilities 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, EPO had outstanding a $50.0 million letter of credit related
to its commodity derivative instruments and a $58.3 million letter of credit
related to its Petal GO Zone Bonds. These letter of credit facilities
do not reduce the amount available for borrowing under EPO';s credit
facilities. 
 
 Credit
Ratings 
 
 At March
1, 2010, the investment-grade credit ratings of EPO';s senior unsecured debt
securities remain unchanged from December 31, 2009 at Baa3 by Moody';s Investor
Services; BBB- by Fitch Ratings; and BBB- by Standard and
Poor';s. Such ratings reflect only the view of a rating agency and
should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any
security. Any rating can be revised upward or downward or withdrawn
at any time by a rating agency if it determines that the circumstances warrant
such a change and should be evaluated independently of any other
rating. 
 
 Based on
the characteristics of the $1.53 billion of fixed/floating unsecured junior
subordinated notes, the rating agencies assigned partial equity treatment to the
notes. Moody';s Investor Services and Standard and Poor';s each
assigned 50% equity treatment and Fitch Ratings assigned 75% equity
treatment. 
 
 A
downgrade of our credit ratings could result in our being required to post
financial collateral up to the amount of our guaranty of indebtedness of our
Centennial joint venture, which was $60.0 million at December 31,
2009. Furthermore, from time to time we enter into contracts in
connection with our commodity and interest rate hedging activities that may
require the posting of financial collateral, which may be substantial, if our
credit were to be downgraded below investment grade. 

 89 

 Table of Contents 

 Cash
Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 
 
 The
following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and
financing activities for the periods indicated (dollars in
millions). For information regarding the individual components of our
cash flow amounts, see the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows included under
Item 8 of this annual report. 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Net
 cash flows provided by operating activities 

 $ 
 2,377.2 

 $ 
 1,567.1 

 $ 
 1,953.6 

 Cash
 used in investing activities 

 1,546.9 

 3,246.9 

 2,871.8 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (837.1 
 ) 

 1,690.7 

 946.3 

 Net cash
flows provided by operating activities are largely dependent on earnings from
our business activities. As a result, these cash flows are exposed to
certain risks. We operate predominantly in the midstream energy
industry. We provide services for producers and consumers of natural
gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and certain
petrochemicals. The products that we process, sell or transport are
principally used as fuel for residential, agricultural and commercial heating;
as feedstock in petrochemical manufacturing; and in the production of motor
gasoline. Reduced demand for our services or products by industrial
customers, whether because of a decline in general economic conditions, reduced
demand for the end products made with our products, or increased competition
from other service providers or producers due to pricing differences or other
reasons, could have a negative impact on our earnings and operating cash
flows. For a more complete discussion of these and other risk factors
pertinent to our business, see ";Risk Factors"; under Item 1A of this annual
report. 
 
 Our Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows are prepared using the indirect method. The indirect method
derives net cash flows from operating activities by adjusting net income to
remove (i) the effects of all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and
payments, such as changes during the period in inventory, deferred income and
similar transactions, (ii) the effects of all accruals of expected future
operating cash receipts and cash payments, such as changes during the period in
receivables and payables, (iii) other non-cash amounts such as depreciation,
amortization, operating lease expenses paid by EPCO, changes in the fair market
value of derivative instruments and equity in earnings from unconsolidated
affiliates (net cash flows provided by operating activities reflect the actual
cash distributions we receive from such investees), and (iv) the effects of all
items classified as investing or financing cash flows, such as proceeds from
asset sales and related transactions or extinguishment of debt. 
 
 In
general, the net effect of changes in operating accounts results from the timing
of cash receipts from sales and cash payments for purchases and other expenses
during each period. Increases or decreases in inventory are
influenced by the quantity of products held in connection with our marketing
activities and changes in energy commodity prices. 
 
 Cash used
in investing activities primarily represents expenditures for additions to
property, plant and equipment, business combinations and investments in
unconsolidated affiliates. Cash provided by financing activities
generally consists of borrowings and repayments of debt, distributions to
partners and proceeds from the issuance of equity securities. Amounts
presented in our Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for borrowings and
repayments under debt agreements are influenced by the magnitude of cash
receipts and payments under our revolving credit facilities. 

 90 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following information highlights the significant year-to-year variances in our
cash flow amounts: 
 
 Comparison
of 2009 with 2008 
 
 Operating
Activities . The
$810.1 million increase in net cash flows provided by operating activities was
primarily due to the following: 

 &#167; 

 Net
 cash flows from consolidated operations (excluding distributions received
 from unconsolidated affiliates, cash payments for interest and cash
 payments for income taxes) increased $908.8 million
 year-to-year. The increase in operating cash flow is generally
 due to increased profitability and the timing of related cash receipts and
 disbursements. The total year-to-year increase also reflects a
 $68.9 million increase in operating cash proceeds we received from
 insurance claims related to certain named storms. For
 information regarding cash proceeds from business interruption and
 property damage claims, see Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
 report. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 payments for interest increased $81.8 million year-to-year primarily due
 to increased borrowings to finance our capital spending
 program. Our average debt principal outstanding for 2009 was
 $11.92 billion compared to $10.17 billion for
 2008. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 payments for income taxes increased $22.7 million year-to-year primarily
 due to higher payments made for the Texas Margin tax and a taxable gain
 incurred in 2009 arising from Dixie';s sale of certain
 assets. 

 Investing
Activities . The $1.7 billion
decrease in cash used for investing activities was primarily due to the
following: 

 &#167; 

 Capital
 spending for property, plant and equipment, net of contributions in aid of
 construction costs, decreased $945.9 million year-to-year. For
 additional information related to our capital spending program, see
 ";Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8211; Capital Spending"; included within this
 Item 7. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 used for business combinations decreased $446.2 million
 year-to-year. Our 2009 business combinations primarily
 consisted of the acquisition of certain rail and truck terminal facilities
 located in Mont Belvieu, Texas, a pipeline system in Texas, and the
 acquisition of tow boats and tank barges primarily based in Miami,
 Florida, with additional assets located in Mobile, Alabama and Houston,
 Texas. In 2008, our most significant business combinations
 consisted of our acquisition of marine transportation
 businesses. In addition, during 2008 we acquired 100% of the
 membership interest in Great Divide Gathering LLC (";Great Divide";) and
 additional interests in consolidated subsidiaries. For additional
 information regarding our business combinations, see Note 10 of the Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
 report. 

 &#167; 

 Restricted
 cash related to our hedging activities decreased $140.2 million (a cash
 inflow) during 2009 primarily due to the reduction of margin requirements
 related to derivative instruments we utilized. For 2008,
 restricted cash related to our hedging activities increased $132.8 million
 (a cash outflow). See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report for
 information regarding our interest rate and commodity risk hedging
 portfolios. 

 91 

 Table of Contents 

 Financing
Activities . Cash used in financing activities was $837.1 million
for 2009 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $1,690.7 million
in 2008. The $2.53 billion change in financing activities was
primarily due to th e following: 

 &#167; 

 Net
 repayments under our consolidated debt agreements of $276.9 million in
 2009 compared to net borrowings under our consolidated debt agreements of
 $2.75 billion in 2008. During 2008, EPO and TEPPCO issued a
 combined $2.6 billion in principal amount of senior notes. For
 information regarding our consolidated debt obligations see Note 12 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
 annual report. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 distributions paid to our partners increased $217.4 million year-to-year
 primarily due to increases in our common units outstanding and quarterly
 distribution rates. 

 &#167; 

 Distributions
 paid to noncontrolling interests decreased $43.9 million year-to-year
 primarily due to the cessation of TEPPCO';s cash distributions following
 the TEPPCO Merger. 

 &#167; 

 Net
 cash proceeds from the issuance of our common units increased $769.9
 million year-to-year due to underwritten and private equity offerings in
 2009 along with increased participation in our
 DRIP. 

 &#167; 

 Contributions
 from noncontrolling interests decreased $172.8 million year-to-year
 primarily due to the $137.4 million of net cash proceeds that Duncan
 Energy Partners received from the issuance of its common units in June and
 July 2009 compared to net cash proceeds of $271.3 million received from
 unit offerings of TEPPCO during
2008. 

 Comparison
of 2008 with 2007 
 
 Operating
Activities . The $386.5
million decrease in net cash flows provided by operating activities was
primarily due to the following: 

 &#167; 

 Net
 cash flows from consolidated operations (excluding distributions received
 from unconsolidated affiliates and cash payments for interest) decreased
 $240.1 million year-to-year. Although our gross operating
 margin increased year-to-year (see ";Results of Operations"; within this
 Item 7), the reduction in operating cash flow is generally due to the
 timing of related cash receipts and disbursements. The $240.1
 million total year-to-year decrease also reflects a $127.3 million
 decrease in cash proceeds we received from insurance claims related to
 certain named storms. For information regarding cash proceeds
 from business interruption and property damage claims, see Note 19 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
 annual report. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 payments for interest increased $140.2 million year-to-year primarily due
 to increased borrowings to finance our capital spending
 program. Our average debt balance for 2008 was $10.17 billion
 compared to $7.82 billion for 2007. 

 Investing
Activities . The $375.1 million increase in cash used for
investing activities was primarily due to the following: 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 used for business combinations increased $517.5 million year-to-year,
 primarily due to approximately $346.0 million in business combinations
 related to our marine transportation businesses. In addition,
 during 2008 we acquired 100% of the membership interest in Great Divide
 and additional interest in consolidated
 subsidiaries. 

 &#167; 

 Capital
 spending for property, plant and equipment, net of contributions in aid of
 construction costs, decreased $194.0 million year-to-year. For
 additional information related to our capital spending
 program, see ";Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8211; Capital Spending"; included
 within this Item 7. 

 92 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 Proceeds
 from the sale of assets and related transactions decreased $146.9 million
 year-to-year primarily due to the sale of certain equity interests and
 related storage assets located in Mont Belvieu, Texas during
 2007. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 outlays for investments in unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $172.1
 million year-to-year. Expenditures for 2007 include the $216.5
 million we contributed to Cameron Highway during the second quarter of
 2007. Cameron Highway used these funds, along with an equal
 contribution from our 50% joint venture partner in Cameron Highway, to
 repay approximately $430.0 million of its outstanding
 debt. Expenditures for 2008 include (i) $22.5 million in
 contributions to White River Hub, (ii) $11.1 million in contributions to
 Centennial and (iii) $36.0 million to acquire a 49% interest in
 Skelly-Belvieu. 

 &#167; 

 An
 $85.5 million increase in restricted cash (a cash outflow) due to margin
 requirements related to our hedging activities. See Note 6 of
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of
 this annual report for information regarding our interest rate and
 commodity risk hedging portfolios. 

 Financing
Activities . The $744.4 million increase in cash provided by
financing activities was primarily due to the following: 

 &#167; 

 Net
 borrowings under our consolidated debt agreements increased $923.8 million
 year-to-year. During 2008, we and TEPPCO issued a combined $2.6
 billion in principal amount of senior notes. For information
 regarding our consolidated debt obligations, see Note 12 of the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
 report. 

 &#167; 

 Net
 cash proceeds from the issuance of our common units increased $73.6
 million year-to-year due to increased participation in our
 DRIP. 

 &#167; 

 Cash
 distributions paid to our partners increased $79.7 million year-to-year
 primarily due to increases in our common units outstanding and quarterly
 distribution rates. 

 &#167; 

 Distributions
 paid to noncontrolling interests increased $57.1 million year-to-year
 primarily due to increases in the quarterly distribution rates of Duncan
 Energy Partners and TEPPCO, along with an increase in TEPPCO';s units
 outstanding. 

 &#167; 

 The
 early termination and settlement of interest rate hedging derivative
 instruments during 2008 resulted in net cash payments of $66.5 million
 compared to net cash receipts of $49.1 million during the same period in
 2007, which resulted in a $115.6 million decrease in financing cash flows
 between years. 

 Capital
Spending 
 
 An
integral part of our business strategy involves expansion through business
combinations, growth capital projects and investments in joint
ventures. We believe that we are positioned to continue to grow our
system of assets through the construction of new facilities and to capitalize on
expected increases in natural gas and/or crude oil production from resource
basins in the Rocky Mountains, Midcontinent, Northeast and U.S. Gulf Coast
regions, including the Barnett Shale, Haynesville Shale, Eagle Ford Shale,
Marcellus Shale and deepwater Gulf of Mexico producing regions. 
 
 Management
continues to analyze potential acquisitions, joint ventures and similar
transactions with businesses that operate in complementary markets or geographic
regions. In past years, major oil and gas companies have sold
non-strategic assets in the midstream energy sector in which we
operate. We forecast
that this trend will continue, and expect independent oil and natural gas
companies to consider similar divestitures. 

 93 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table summarizes our capital spending by activity for the periods
indicated (dollars in millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Capital
 spending for business combinations: 

 Great
 Divide Gathering System acquisition 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 125.2 

 $ 
 -- 

 South
 Monco Pipeline System acquisition 

 0.8 

 -- 

 35.0 

 Cenac
 and Horizon acquisitions 

 -- 

 345.7 

 -- 

 Other
 business combinations 

 106.5 

 82.6 

 0.9 

 Total 

 107.3 

 553.5 

 35.9 

 Capital spending for property,
 plant and equipment, net: (1) 

 Growth
 capital projects (2) 

 1,373.9 

 2,249.5 

 2,464.7 

 Sustaining
 capital projects (3) 

 192.6 

 262.9 

 241.7 

 Total 

 1,566.5 

 2,512.4 

 2,706.4 

 Capital
 spending for intangible assets: 

 Acquisition
 of intangible assets 

 1.4 

 5.8 

 14.5 

 Capital
 spending attributable to unconsolidated affiliates: 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 18.8 

 64.7 

 236.8 

 Total
 capital spending 

 $ 
 1,694.0 

 $ 
 3,136.4 

 $ 
 2,993.6 

 (1)
 On
 certain of our capital projects, third parties are obligated to reimburse
 us for all or a portion of project expenditures. The majority of such
 arrangements are associated with projects related to pipeline construction
 and production well tie-ins. Contributions in aid of construction
 costs were $17.8 million, $27.2 million and $57.6 million for the years
 ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 
 (2)
 Growth
 capital projects either result in additional revenue streams from existing
 assets or expand our asset base through construction of new facilities
 that will generate additional revenue streams. 
 (3)
 Sustaining
 capital expenditures are capital expenditures (as defined by GAAP)
 resulting from improvements to and major renewals of existing
 assets. Such expenditures serve to maintain existing operations but
 do not generate additional revenues. 

 Based on
information currently available, we estimate our consolidated capital spending
for 2010 will approximate $1.75 billion, which includes estimated expenditures
of $1.5 billion for growth capital projects and acquisitions and $250.0 million
for sustaining capital expenditures. 
 
 Our
forecast of consolidated capital expenditures is based on our current announced
strategic operating and growth plans, which are dependent upon our ability to
generate the required funds from either operating cash flows or from other
means, including borrowings under debt agreements, issuance of equity, and
potential divestitures of certain assets to third and/or related
parties. Our forecast of capital expenditures may change due to
factors beyond our control, such as weather related issues, changes in supplier
prices or adverse economic conditions. Furthermore, our forecast may
change as a result of decisions made by management at a later date, which may
include acquisitions or decisions to take on additional partners. 
 
 Our
success in raising capital, including the formation of joint ventures to share
costs and risks, continues to be a principal factor that determines how much
capital we can invest. We believe our access to capital resources is
sufficient to meet the demands of our current and future operating growth needs,
and although we currently intend to make the forecasted expenditures discussed
above, we may adjust the timing and amounts of projected expenditures in
response to changes in capital markets. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, we had approximately $497.5 million in purchase commitments
outstanding that relate to our capital spending for property, plant and
equipment. These commitments primarily relate to construction at our
Mont Belvieu complex and our Barnett Shale, Haynesville Shale and Piceance Basin
natural gas pipeline projects. 

 94 

 Table of Contents 

 Pipeline
Integrity Costs 
 
 Our NGL,
crude oil, refined products, petrochemical and natural gas pipelines are subject
to pipeline safety programs administered by the DOT. This federal
agency has issued safety regulations containing requirements for the development
of integrity management programs for hazardous liquid pipelines (which include
NGL, crude oil, refined products and petrochemical pipelines) and natural gas
pipelines. In general, these regulations require companies to assess
the condition of their pipelines in certain high consequence areas (as defined
by the regulation) and to perform any necessary repairs. 
 
 In April
2002, a subsidiary of ours acquired several midstream energy assets located in
Texas and New Mexico from El Paso Corporation (";El Paso";). These
assets included the Texas Intrastate System and the Carlsbad Gathering
Systems. With respect to such assets, El Paso agreed to indemnify our
subsidiary for any pipeline integrity costs it incurred (whether paid or
payable) for five years following the acquisition date. The indemnity
provisions did not take effect until such costs exceeded $3.3 million annually;
however, the amount reimbursable by El Paso was capped at $50.2 million in the
aggregate. In 2007, we recovered $31.1 million from El Paso related
to our 2006 expenditures. During 2007, we received a final amount of
$5.4 million from El Paso related to this indemnity. 
 
 The
following table summarizes our pipeline integrity costs, net of indemnity
payments from El Paso, for the periods indicated (dollars in
millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Expensed 

 $ 
 44.9 

 $ 
 55.4 

 $ 
 51.9 

 Capitalized 

 37.7 

 86.2 

 78.9 

 Total 

 $ 
 82.6 

 $ 
 141.6 

 $ 
 130.8 

 We expect
our cash outlay for the pipeline integrity program, irrespective of whether such
costs are capitalized or expensed, to approximate $116.3 million in
2010. 
 
 Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 In our
financial reporting process, we employ methods, estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial
statements. These methods, estimates and assumptions also affect the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Investors should be aware that actual results could differ
from these estimates if the underlying assumptions prove to be
incorrect. The following describes the estimation risk currently
underlying our most significant financial statement items: 
 
 Depreciation
Methods and Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 In
general, depreciation is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset';s
cost, less its residual value (if any), to the periods it
benefits. The majority of our property, plant and equipment is
depreciated using the straight-line method, which results in depreciation
expense being incurred evenly over the life of the assets. Our
estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic
lives and residual values of our assets. At the time we place our
assets in-service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however,
circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which
would change our depreciation amounts prospectively. 
 
 Examples
of such circumstances include: 

 &#167; 

 changes
 in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an
 asset; 

 &#167; 

 changes
 in technology that render an asset
obsolete; 

 &#167; 

 changes
 in expected salvage values; or 

 95 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 changes
 in the forecast life of applicable resource basins, if
 any. 

 At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, the net book value of our property, plant and
equipment was $17.69 billion and $16.73 billion, respectively. We
recorded $678.1 million, $595.9 million and $515.7 million in depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 
 
 For
additional information regarding our property, plant and equipment, see Notes 2
and 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of
this annual report. 
 
 Measuring
Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets and Equity Method Investments 
 
 Long-lived
assets (including intangible assets with finite useful lives and property, plant
and equipment) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be
recoverable. Examples of such events or changes might be production
declines that are not replaced by new discoveries or long-term decreases in the
demand or price of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil or refined
products. Long-lived assets with carrying values that are not
expected to be recovered through forecast future cash flows are written down to
their estimated fair values. The carrying value of a long-lived asset
is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of undiscounted estimated cash flows
expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
asset. Our estimates of such undiscounted cash flows are based on a
number of assumptions including anticipated operating margins and volumes;
estimated useful life of the asset or asset group; and estimated salvage
values. An impairment charge would be recorded for the excess of a
long-lived asset';s carrying value over its estimated fair value, which is based
on a series of assumptions similar to those used to derive undiscounted cash
flows. Those assumptions also include usage of probabilities for a
range of possible outcomes, market values and replacement cost
estimates. 
 
 An equity
method investment is evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that there is a possible loss in value of the investment
other than a temporary decline. Examples of such events include
sustained operating losses of the investee or long-term negative changes in the
investee';s industry. Equity method investments with carrying values
that are not expected to be recovered through expected future cash flows are
written down to their estimated fair values. The carrying value of an
equity method investment is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of discounted
estimated cash flows expected to be derived from the investment. This
estimate of discounted cash flows is based on a number of assumptions including
discount rates; probabilities assigned to different cash flow scenarios;
anticipated margins and volumes and estimated useful life of the
investment. A significant change in these underlying assumptions
could result in our recording an impairment charge. 
 
 During
2009, we recognized non-cash asset impairment charges related to property, plant
and equipment of $29.4 million, which is reflected as a component of operating
costs and expenses. No such asset impairment charges were recorded in
2008 or 2007. 
 
 During
2007, we evaluated our equity method investment in Nemo for
impairment. As a result of this evaluation, we recorded a $7.0
million non-cash impairment charge that is a component of equity in earnings
from unconsolidated affiliates for the year ended December 31,
2007. During 2009 and 2008 there were no such impairment
charges. 
 
 For
additional information regarding impairment charges associated with our
long-lived assets and equity method investments, see Notes 6 and 9 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 
 
 Amortization
Methods and Estimated Useful Lives of Qualifying Intangible Assets 
 
 The
specific, identifiable intangible assets of a business enterprise depend largely
upon the nature of its operations. Potential intangible assets
include intellectual property, such as technology, patents, trademarks and trade
names, customer contracts and relationships, and non-compete agreements, as well
as other intangible assets. The method used to value each intangible
asset will vary depending upon a number 

 96 

 Table of Contents 

 of
factors, including the nature of the asset and the economic returns it is
generating or is expected to generate. 
 
 Our
customer relationship intangible assets primarily represent customer bases we
acquired in connection with business combinations. The value we
assigned to these customer relationships is being amortized to earnings using
methods that closely resemble the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
underlying oil and natural gas resource bases from which the customers produce
are estimated to be consumed or otherwise used. Our estimate of the useful life
of each resource base is predicated on a number of factors, including reserve
estimates and the economic viability of production and exploration
activities. 
 
 Our
contract-based intangible assets represent the rights we own arising from
discrete contractual agreements, such as the long-term rights we possess under
the Shell natural gas processing agreement or the natural gas transportation
contracts of our Val Verde and Jonah systems. A contract-based
intangible asset with a finite life is amortized over its estimated useful life
(or term), which is the period over which the asset is expected to contribute
directly or indirectly to the cash flows of an entity. Our estimates
of useful life are based on a number of factors, including: 

 &#167; 

 the
 expected useful life of the related tangible assets (e.g., fractionation
 facility, pipeline or other asset); 

 &#167; 

 any
 legal or regulatory developments that would impact such contractual
 rights; and 

 &#167; 

 any
 contractual provisions that enable us to renew or extend such
 agreements. 

 If our
underlying assumptions regarding the estimated useful life of an intangible
asset change, then the amortization period for such asset would be adjusted
accordingly. Changes in the estimated useful life of an intangible
asset would impact operating costs and expenses prospectively from the date of
change. If we determine that an intangible asset';s unamortized cost is not
recoverable due to impairment; we would be required to reduce the asset';s
carrying value to fair value. Any such write-down of the value of an
intangible asset would increase operating costs and expenses at that
time. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, the carrying value of our intangible asset portfolio
was $1.06 billion and $1.18 billion, respectively. We recorded $119.9
million, $130.0 million and $125.2 million in amortization expense associated
with our intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 
 
 For
additional information regarding our intangible assets, see Notes 2 and 11 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. 
 
 Methods
We Employ to Measure the Fair Value of Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the
purchase prices we paid for certain businesses over their respective fair
values. We do not amortize goodwill; however, we test our goodwill
for impairment at the beginning of each fiscal year, and more frequently, if
circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of
goodwill is below its carrying amount. Our goodwill testing involves
the determination of a reporting unit';s fair value, which is predicated on our
assumptions regarding the future economic prospects of the reporting
unit. 
 
 Such assumptions include: 

 &#167; 

 discrete
 financial forecasts for the assets classified within the reporting unit,
 which rely on management';s estimates of operating margins and
 transportation volumes; 

 &#167; 

 long-term
 growth rates for cash flows beyond the discrete forecast period;
 and 

 97 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 appropriate
 discount rates. 

 If the fair value of the reporting unit
(including its inherent goodwill) is less than its carrying value, a charge to
earnings is required to reduce the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied
fair value. Based on our most recent goodwill impairment testing,
each reporting unit';s fair value was substantially in excess (a minimum of 10%)
of its carrying value. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, the carrying value of our goodwill was $2.02
billion. We recorded goodwill impairment charges of $1.3 million
during 2009. No such impairment charges were recorded in 2008 or
2007. For additional information regarding our goodwill, see Notes 2
and 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8
of this annual report. 
 
 Our
Revenue Recognition Policies and Use of Estimates for Revenues and
Expenses 
 
 In general, we recognize revenue from
customers when all of the following criteria are met: 

 &#167; 

 persuasive
 evidence of an exchange arrangement
exists; 

 &#167; 

 delivery
 has occurred or services have been
rendered; 

 &#167; 

 the
 buyer';s price is fixed or determinable;
and 

 &#167; 

 collectability
 is reasonably assured. 

 We record revenue when sales contracts
are settled (i.e., either physical delivery of product has taken place or the
services designated in the contract have been performed). For
additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies, see Note 4 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. We record any necessary allowance for doubtful
accounts as required by our established policy. 
 
 Our use
of estimates for certain revenues and expenses has increased as a result of SEC
regulations that require us to submit financial information on accelerated time
frames. Such estimates are necessary due to the time required to
compile actual billing information and receive third-party data needed to record
transactions for financial reporting purposes. One example of such
use of estimates is the accrual of an estimate of processing plant revenue and
the cost of natural gas for a given month (prior to receiving actual customer
and vendor-related plant operating information for a specific
period). These estimates reverse in the following month and are
offset by the corresponding actual customer billing and vendor-invoiced
amounts. Accordingly, we include one month of certain estimated data
in our results of operations. Such estimates are generally based on
actual volume and price data through the first part of the month and estimated
for the remainder of the month. 
 
 Changes
in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates and could affect our
reported financial statements and accompanying disclosures. If the assumptions
underlying our estimates prove to be substantially incorrect, it could result in
material adjustments in results of operations between periods. We
review our estimates based on currently available information. 
 
 Reserves
for Environmental Matters 
 
 Our
business activities are subject to various federal, state and local laws and
regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. Such laws and
regulations may, in certain instances, require us to remediate current or former
operating sites where specified substances have been released or disposed of. We
accrue reserves for environmental matters when our assessments indicate that it
is probable that a liability has been incurred and an amount can be reasonably
estimated. Our assessments are based on studies, as well as site
surveys, to determine the extent of any environmental damage and the necessary
requirements to remediate this damage. Future environmental developments, such
as increasingly strict environmental laws and additional claims for damages to
property, employees and other persons 

 98 

 Table of Contents 

 resulting
from current or past operations, could result in substantial additional costs
beyond our current reserves. In accruing for environmental remediation
liabilities, costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation are not
discounted to their present value, unless the amount and timing of the
expenditures are fixed or reliably determinable. At December 31, 2009,
none of our estimated environmental remediation liabilities were discounted to
present value since the ultimate amount and timing of cash payments for such
liabilities were not readily determinable. 
 
 At December 31, 2009 and 2008, we had a
liability for environmental remediation of $16.7 million and $22.3 million,
respectively, which was derived from a range of reasonable estimates based upon
studies and site surveys. We have recorded our best estimate of the
cost of remediation activities. See Notes 2 and 18 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report
for additional information regarding environmental matters. 
 
 Natural
Gas Imbalances 
 
 In the
natural gas pipeline transportation business, imbalances frequently result from
differences in natural gas volumes received from and delivered to our
customers. Such differences occur when a customer delivers more or
less gas into our pipelines than is physically redelivered back to them during a
particular time period. The vast majority of our settlements are
through in-kind arrangements whereby incremental volumes are delivered to a
customer (in the case of an imbalance payable) or received from a customer (in
the case of an imbalance receivable). Such in-kind deliveries are
ongoing and take place over several months. In some cases,
settlements of imbalances accumulated over a period of time are ultimately
cashed out and are generally negotiated at values which approximate average
market prices over a period of time. As a result, for gas imbalances
that are ultimately settled over future periods, we estimate the value of such
current assets and liabilities using average market prices, which we believe is
representative of the value of the imbalances upon final
settlement. Changes in natural gas prices may impact our
estimates. 
 
 The
following table presents our natural gas imbalance receivables/payables at the
dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Natural
 gas imbalance receivables (1) 

 $ 
 24.1 

 $ 
 63.4 

 Natural
 gas imbalance payables (2) 

 19.0 

 50.8 

 (1)
 Reflected
 as a component of ";Accounts and notes receivable &#8211; trade"; on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets included under Item 8 of this annual
 report. 
 (2) Reflected
 as a component of ";Accrued product payables"; on our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets included under Item 8 of this annual report. 

 Other
Items 
 
 Duncan
Energy Partners 
 
 For
information regarding our relationship with Duncan Energy Partners, see Note 15
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. 
 
 Insurance
Matters 
 
 We participate as a named insured in
EPCO';s insurance program, which provides us with property damage, business
interruption and other coverages, the scope and amounts of which are customary
and sufficient for the nature and extent of our operations. In light
of recent hurricane and other weather-related events, the renewal of policies
for weather-related risks resulted in significant increases in premiums and
certain deductibles, as well as changes in the scope of coverage. For
additional information regarding insurance matters, see Note 19 of the Notes
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 

 99 

 Table of Contents 

 Contractual
Obligations 
 
 The
following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations at December
31, 2009 (dollars in millions). 

 Payment
 or Settlement due by Period 

 Less
 than 

 1-3 

 4-5 

 More
 than 

 Contractual
 Obligations 

 Total 

 1
 year 

 years 

 years 

 5
 years 

 Scheduled
 maturities of long-term debt (1) 

 $ 
 11,297.0 

 $ 
 554.0 

 $ 
 2,102.8 

 $ 
 2,350.0 

 $ 
 6,290.2 

 Estimated
 cash payments for interest (2) 

 12,372.2 

 667.4 

 1,190.2 

 939.4 

 9,575.2 

 Operating
 lease obligations (3) 

 343.9 

 37.6 

 68.0 

 48.8 

 189.5 

 Purchase
 obligations: (4) 

 Product
 purchase commitments: 

 Estimated
 payment obligations: 

 Natural
 gas 

 5,697.6 

 1,308.9 

 1,381.8 

 959.3 

 2,047.6 

 NGLs 

 2,943.0 

 997.0 

 669.1 

 659.4 

 617.5 

 Crude
 oil 

 237.3 

 237.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Petrochemicals
 & refined products 

 2,642.2 

 1,486.6 

 824.5 

 186.3 

 144.8 

 Other 

 114.1 

 21.2 

 24.1 

 22.8 

 46.0 

 Underlying
 major volume commitments: 

 Natural
 gas (in BBtus) 

 969,180 

 221,530 

 230,450 

 165,008 

 352,192 

 NGLs
 (in MBbls) 

 49,300 

 19,048 

 10,496 

 10,316 

 9,440 

 Crude
 oil (in MBbls) 

 2,985 

 2,985 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Petrochemicals
 & refined products (in MBbls) 

 35,034 

 19,523 

 11,122 

 2,469 

 1,920 

 Service
 payment commitments (5) 

 575.6 

 72.0 

 113.7 

 110.1 

 279.8 

 Capital
 expenditure commitments (6) 

 497.5 

 497.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other
 long-term liabilities (7) 

 155.2 

 -- 

 30.2 

 15.2 

 109.8 

 Total 

 $ 
 36,875.6 

 $ 
 5,879.5 

 $ 
 6,404.4 

 $ 
 5,291.3 

 $ 
 19,300.4 

 (1)
 Represents
 our scheduled future maturities of consolidated debt principal
 obligations. For additional information regarding our consolidated
 debt obligations, see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report. 
 (2)
 Our
 estimated cash payments for interest are based on the principal amount of
 consolidated debt obligations outstanding at December 31, 2009. With
 respect to variable-rate debt obligations, we applied the weighted-average
 interest rate paid during 2009 associated with such debt. See Note 12
 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of
 this annual report for the weighted-average variable interest rates
 charged in 2009 under our credit agreements. In addition, our
 estimate of cash payments for interest gives effect to interest rate swap
 agreements that were in place at December 31, 2009. See Note 6 of the
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
 annual report for information regarding these derivative
 instruments. Our estimated cash payments for interest are
 significantly influenced by the long-term maturities of our $550.0 million
 Junior Subordinated Notes A (due August 2066), $682.7 million Junior
 Subordinated Notes B (due January 2068), $300.0 million Junior
 Subordinated Notes C (due June 2067) and TEPPCO Junior Subordinated Notes
 (due June 2067). Our estimated cash payments for interest assume that
 these subordinated notes are not called prior to their respective maturity
 dates. 
 (3)
 Primarily
 represents operating leases for (i) underground caverns for the storage of
 natural gas and NGLs, (ii) leased office space with an affiliate of EPCO
 and (iii) land held pursuant to right-of-way agreements. 
 (4)
 Represents
 enforceable and legally binding agreements to purchase goods or services
 under the terms of each agreement at December 31, 2009. The estimated
 payment obligations are based on contractual prices in effect at December
 31, 2009 applied to all future volume commitments. Actual future
 payment obligations may vary depending on prices at the time of
 delivery. 
 (5)
 Represents
 future payment commitments for services provided by
 third-parties. 
 (6)
 Represents
 short-term unconditional payment obligations relating to our capital
 projects, including our share of those of our unconsolidated affiliates,
 for services rendered or products purchased. 
 (7)
 As
 reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2009, other
 long-term liabilities primarily represent noncurrent portions
 of asset retirement obligations, reserves for environmental
 remediation costs, accrued pipeline transportation deficiency fees,
 deferred revenues and the Centennial guarantee. 

 For
additional information regarding our significant contractual obligations
involving operating leases and purchase obligations, see Note 18 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 

 100 

 Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Except
for the following information regarding debt obligations of certain
unconsolidated affiliates, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements, as
described in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, that have or are reasonably
expected to have a material current or future effect on our financial position,
revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources. The following information summarizes the
significant terms of such unconsolidated debt obligations. 
 
 Poseidon . At December 31,
2009, Poseidon';s debt obligations consisted of $92.0 million outstanding under
its $150.0 million variable-rate revolving credit facility. Amounts
borrowed under this facility mature in May 2011 and are secured by substantially
all of Poseidon';s assets. Poseidon expects to fund the repayment of
its revolving credit facility (including accrued interest) with a variety of
sources (either separately or in combination) including operating cash flows,
refinancing agreements or cash contributions from its joint venture
partners. 
 
 Evangeline. At
December 31, 2009, Evangeline';s debt obligations consisted of (i) $3.2 million
in principal amount of 9.90% fixed rate Series B senior secured notes due
December 2010 and (ii) a $7.5 million subordinated note payable due in
2011. Evangeline expects to fund the repayment of its debt
obligations (including accrued interest) using operating cash
flows. 
 
 Centennial . At
December 31, 2009, Centennial';s debt obligations consisted of $120.0 million
borrowed under a master shelf loan agreement through two private placements,
with interest rates ranging from 7.99% to 8.09%. Borrowings under the
master shelf agreement mature in May 2024 and are collateralized by
substantially all of Centennial';s assets and severally guaranteed by
Centennial';s owners. Specifically, we and our joint venture partner
in Centennial have each guaranteed one-half of Centennial';s debt
obligations. If Centennial were to default on its debt obligations,
our estimated payment obligation would be $60.0 million based on amounts
outstanding at December 31, 2009. 
 
 Related
Party Transactions 
 
 For
information regarding our related party transactions, see Note 15 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report
as well as Item 13 of this annual report. 
 
 Non-GAAP
Reconciliations 
 
 The
following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measure of total
segment gross operating margin to GAAP operating income and income before
provision for income taxes for the periods indicated (dollars in
millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin 

 $ 
 2,839.8 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile total segment gross operating margin 

 to
 operating income: 

 Depreciation,
 amortization and accretion in operating costs and expenses 

 (809.3 
 ) 

 (725.4 
 ) 

 (647.9 
 ) 

 Impairment
 charges in operating costs and expenses 

 (33.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 (0.7 
 ) 

 (2.0 
 ) 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions in operating 
 costs
 and expenses 

 -- 

 4.0 

 7.8 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 (172.3 
 ) 

 (137.2 
 ) 

 (127.2 
 ) 

 Operating
 income 

 1,824.0 

 1,748.4 

 1,195.0 

 Other
 expense, net 

 (643.6 
 ) 

 (528.5 
 ) 

 (341.3 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 $ 
 1,180.4 

 $ 
 1,219.9 

 $ 
 853.7 

 101 

 Table of Contents 

 Recent
Accounting Developments 
 
 The
accounting standard setting bodies have recently issued the following guidance
that will or may affect our future financial statements: 

 &#167; 

 Fair
 Value Measurements; and 

 &#167; 

 Consolidation
 of Variable Interest Entities. 

 For
additional information regarding recent accounting developments, see Note 3 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 In the
course of our normal business operations, we are exposed to certain risks,
including changes in interest rates, commodity prices and, to a limited extent,
foreign exchange rates. In order to manage risks associated with
certain identifiable and anticipated transactions, we use derivative
instruments. Derivatives are instruments whose fair value is determined by
changes in a specified benchmark such as interest rates, commodity prices or
currency values. Typical derivative instruments include futures,
forward contracts, swaps, options and other instruments with similar
characteristics. Substantially all of our derivatives are used for
non-trading activities. 
 
 See Note
6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of
this annual report for additional information regarding our derivative
instruments outstanding and related hedging activities, including associated
fair value measurements. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for information regarding the impact of derivative
instruments on accumulated other comprehensive loss as reported on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Interest
Rate Derivative Instruments 
 
 We
utilize interest rate swaps, treasury locks and similar derivative instruments
to manage our exposure to changes in the interest rates of certain consolidated
debt agreements. This strategy is a component in controlling our cost
of capital associated with such borrowings. 
 
 The
following tables show the effect of hypothetical price movements (a sensitivity
analysis) on the estimated fair value (";FV";) of our interest rate swap
portfolios at the dates presented (dollars in millions): 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners (excluding 
 Duncan
 Energy Partners) 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Resulting 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 January
 31, 

 Scenario 

 Classification 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying interest rates 

 Asset 

 $ 
 46.7 

 $ 
 41.3 

 $ 
 53.2 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying interest rates 

 Asset 

 42.4 

 35.0 

 47.9 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying interest rates 

 Asset 

 51.1 

 47.8 

 58.5 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Resulting 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 January
 31, 

 Scenario 

 Classification 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying interest rates 

 Liability 

 $ 
 (9.8 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (5.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (5.7 
 ) 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying interest rates 

 Liability 

 (9.4 
 ) 

 (5.5 
 ) 

 (5.7 
 ) 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying interest rates 

 Liability 

 (10.2 
 ) 

 (5.6 
 ) 

 (5.7 
 ) 

 102 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table shows the effect of hypothetical price movements on the
estimated fair value of our forward starting swap portfolio at the dates
presented (dollars in millions): 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Scenario 

 Resulting
 Classification 

 December
 31, 
 2009 

 January
 31, 
 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying interest rates 

 Asset 

 $ 
 21.0 

 $ 
 13.3 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying interest rates 

 Asset 

 31.1 

 26.1 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying interest rates 

 Asset
 (Liability) 

 10.5 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 In
January 2010, we entered into two additional forward starting interest rate
swaps with a notional amount of $50.0 million each. In February 2010,
we entered into three additional forward starting swaps with a notional amount
of $50.0 million each. The period hedged by these five forward
starting swaps is February 2012 through February 2022. 
 
 Commodity
Derivative Instruments 
 
 The
prices of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and certain
petrochemical products are subject to fluctuations in response to changes in
supply and demand, market conditions and a variety of additional factors that
are beyond our control. We may use commodity-based derivative
instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps and options to mitigate
such risks. 
 
 We assess
the risk of our commodity financial instrument portfolios using a sensitivity
analysis model. The sensitivity analysis applied to these portfolios
measures the potential income or loss (i.e., the change in fair value of the
portfolio) based upon a hypothetical 10% movement in the underlying quoted
market prices of the commodity derivative instruments outstanding at the date
indicated within the following tables. 
 
 The
following table shows the effect of hypothetical price movements on the
estimated fair value of our natural gas marketing portfolio at the dates
presented (dollars in millions): 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Resulting 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 January
 31, 

 Scenario 

 Classification 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset
 (Liability) 

 $ 
 6.5 

 $ 
 (1.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (2.3 
 ) 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset
 (Liability) 

 2.7 

 (7.0 
 ) 

 (6.3 
 ) 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset 

 9.9 

 4.1 

 1.8 

 The
following table shows the effect of hypothetical price movements on the
estimated fair value of our NGL, refined products and petrochemical operations
portfolio at the dates presented (dollars in millions): 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Resulting 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 January
 31, 

 Scenario 

 Classification 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset
 (Liability) 

 $ 
 (102.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (9.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 21.3 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying commodity prices 

 Liability 

 (94.0 
 ) 

 (43.2 
 ) 

 (19.5 
 ) 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset
 (Liability) 

 (110.1 
 ) 

 24.8 

 62.0 

 The
following table shows the effect of hypothetical price movements on the
estimated fair value of our crude oil marketing portfolio at the dates presented
(dollars in millions): 

 Swap
 Fair Value at 

 Resulting 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 January
 31, 

 Scenario 

 Classification 

 2008 

 2009 

 2010 

 FV
 assuming no change in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 2.0 

 $ 
 1.1 

 FV
 assuming 10% increase in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset 

 -- 

 2.0 

 1.1 

 FV
 assuming 10% decrease in underlying commodity prices 

 Asset 

 -- 

 2.1 

 1.1 

 103 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
predominant hedging strategy is to hedge an amount of gross margin associated
with the gas processing activities. We achieve this by using physical and
financial instruments to lock in the prices of NGL sales and natural gas
purchases used for PTR. This program consists of: 

 &#167; 

 the
 forward sale of a portion of our expected equity NGL production at fixed
 prices through December 2010, achieved through the use of forward physical
 sales and commodity derivative instruments
and 

 &#167; 

 the
 purchase of commodity derivative instruments with a notional amount
 determined by the amount of natural gas expected to be consumed as PTR in
 the production of such equity NGL
production. 

 At December 31, 2009, this program had
hedged future estimated gross margins (before plant operating expenses) of
$178.9 million on 6.0 MMBbls of forecasted NGL forward sales transactions and
equivalent PTR volumes extending through December 2010. At February
22, 2010, this program had hedged future estimated gross margins (before plant
operating expenses) of $344.0 million on 10.8 MMBbls of forecasted NGL forward
sales transactions and equivalent PTR volumes extending through December
2010. Our estimates of future gross margins are subject to various
business risks, including unforeseen production outages or declines,
counterparty risk, or similar events or developments that are outside of our
control. 
 
 Foreign
Currency Derivative Instruments 
 
 We are exposed to a nominal amount of
foreign currency exchange risk in connection with our NGL marketing activities
in Canada. As a result, we could be adversely affected by
fluctuations in currency rates between the U.S. dollar and Canadian
dollar. In order to manage this risk, we may enter into foreign
exchange purchase contracts to lock in the exchange rate. At December
31, 2009, we had foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding with a
notional amount of $4.1 million Canadian dollars. The fair value of
this instrument was an asset of $0.2 million at December 31, 2009. 
 
 Product
Purchase Commitments 
 
 We have
long and short-term purchase commitments for natural gas, NGLs, petrochemicals
and other hydrocarbons with several suppliers. The purchase prices
that we are obligated to pay under these contracts are based on market prices at
the time we take delivery of the volumes. For additional information
regarding these commitments, see ";Contractual Obligations"; included under Item 7
of this annual report. 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 
 
 Our
consolidated financial statements, together with the independent registered
public accounting firm';s report of Deloitte & Touche LLP (";Deloitte &
Touche";) begin on page F-1 of this annual report. 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 
 
 None. 

 104 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9A. Controls and
Procedures . 
 
 Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by
this annual report, our management carried out an evaluation, with the
participation of our general partner';s chief executive officer (our principal
executive officer) (the ";CEO";) and our general partner';s chief financial officer
(our principal financial officer) (the ";CFO";), of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Based on this evaluation, as of the end of the
period covered by this annual report, the CEO and CFO concluded: 

 (i) 

 that
 our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
 information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
 submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC';s
 rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
 to our management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow
 timely decisions regarding required disclosure;
 and 

 (ii) 

 that
 our disclosure controls and procedures are
 effective. 

 Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or in other factors
during the fourth quarter of 2009, that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial
reporting. 
 
 The certifications of our general
partner';s CEO and CFO required under Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 have been included as exhibits to this annual report. 

 105 

 Table of Contents 

 MANAGEMENT';S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL 
 OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2009 
 
 The management of Enterprise Products
Partners L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including its chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Our internal control system was designed to provide
reasonable assurance to Enterprise Products Partners'; management and Board of
Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. However, our management does not represent that our
disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only a reasonable, not an absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 
 Our management assessed the
effectiveness of Enterprise Products Partners'; internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009. In making this assessment, it used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (";COSO";) in Internal Control--Integrated
Framework . This assessment included a review of the design and
operating effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as well as
the safeguarding of assets. Based on our assessment, we believe that,
as of December 31, 2009, Enterprise Products Partners'; internal control over
financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 
 Our Audit, Conflicts and Governance
Committee is composed of directors who are not officers or employees of our
general partner. It meets regularly with members of management, the
internal auditors and the representatives of the independent registered public
accounting firm to discuss the adequacy of Enterprise Products Partners';
internal controls over financial reporting, financial statements and the nature,
extent and results of the audit effort. Management reviews with the
Audit, Conflicts and Governance Committee all of Enterprise Products Partners';
significant accounting policies and assumptions affecting the results of
operations. Both the independent registered public accounting firm
and internal auditors have direct access to the Audit, Conflicts and Governance
Committee without the presence of management. 
 
 Our
independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report
on our internal control over financial reporting. That report is
included within this
Item 9A . 
 
 Pursuant
to the requirements of Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated below on March 1, 2010. 

 /s/
 Michael A. Creel 

 /s/
 W. Randall Fowler 

 Name: 

 Michael
 A. Creel 

 Name: 

 W.
 Randall Fowler 

 Title: 

 Chief
 Executive Officer of 

 Title: 

 Chief
 Financial Officer of 

 our
 general partner, 

 our
 general partner, 

 Enterprise
 Products GP, LLC 

 Enterprise
 Products GP, LLC 

 106 

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the
Board of Directors of Enterprise Products GP, LLC and 
 Unitholders
of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 
 Houston,
Texas 
 
 We have audited the internal control
over financial reporting of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and subsidiaries
(the ";Company";) as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. The Company';s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management';s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting as of December 31, 2009. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company';s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 A company';s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
company';s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, and effected by the company';s Board of Directors,
management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company';s internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company';s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of the inherent limitations of
internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements
due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control
over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 
 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control -- Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States), the consolidated balance sheet and the related statements of
consolidated operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and equity as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2009 of the Company and our report dated March
1, 2010 expresses an unqualified opinion on those financial 

 107 

 Table of Contents 

 statements and includes an
explanatory paragraph concerning the retroactive effects of the common control
acquisition of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and Texas Eastern Products Pipeline
Company, LLC by the Company on October 26, 2009 and the related change in
business segments described in Note 1.

 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE
LLP 
 
 Houston,
Texas 
 March 1,
2010 
 Item 9B. Other
Information . 
 
 None. 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance . 
 
 Partnership
Management 
 
 As is
commonly the case with publicly traded limited partnerships, we do not directly
employ any of the persons responsible for the management or operations of our
business. These functions are performed by the employees of EPCO
pursuant to the ASA under the direction of the Board of Directors (the ";Board";)
and executive officers of EPGP. For a description of the ASA, see
";Relationship with EPCO and Affiliates &#8211; EPCO ASA"; in Note 15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 
 
 The
executive officers of our general partner are elected for one-year terms and may
be removed, with or without cause, only by the Board. Our unitholders
do not elect the officers or directors of our general partner. Dan.
L. Duncan, through his indirect control of EPGP, has the ability to elect,
remove and replace at any time, all of the officers and directors of our general
partner. Each member of the Board of our general partner serves until
such member';s death, resignation or removal. The employees of EPCO
who served as directors of EPGP during 2009 were Messrs. Duncan, Creel, Fowler,
Cunningham, Bachmann and Teague. 
 
 Because
we are a limited partnership and meet the definition of a ";controlled company";
under the listing standards of the NYSE, we are not required to comply with
certain requirements of the NYSE. Accordingly, we have elected to not
comply with Section 303A.01 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which would
require that the Board of our general partner be comprised of a majority of
independent directors. In addition, we have elected to not comply
with Sections 303A.04 and 303A.05 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which
would require that the Board of our general partner maintain a Nominating
Committee and a Compensation Committee, each consisting entirely of independent
directors. 
 
 Notwithstanding
any contractual limitation on its obligations or duties, EPGP is liable for all
debts we incur (to the extent not paid by us), except to the extent that such
indebtedness or other obligations are non-recourse to EPGP. Whenever
possible, EPGP intends to make any such indebtedness or other obligations
non-recourse to itself. 
 
 Under our
limited partnership agreement and subject to specified limitations, we will
indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, from and against all
losses, claims, damages or similar events, any director or officer, or while
serving as director or officer, any person who is or was serving as a tax
matters member or as a director, officer, tax matters member, employee, partner,
manager, fiduciary or trustee of our partnership or any of our
affiliates. Additionally, we will indemnify to the fullest
extent 

 108 

 Table of Contents 

 permitted
by law, from and against all losses, claims, damages or similar events, any
person who is or was an employee (other than an officer) or agent of our general
partner. 
 
 Corporate
Governance 
 
 We are
committed to sound principles of governance. Such principles are
critical for us to achieve our performance goals and maintain the trust and
confidence of investors, employees, suppliers, business partners and
stakeholders. 
 
 A key
element for strong governance is independent members of the
Board. Pursuant to the NYSE listing standards, a director will be
considered independent if the Board determines that he or she does not have a
material relationship with EPGP or us (either directly or as a partner,
unitholder or officer of an organization that has a material relationship with
EPGP or us). Based on the foregoing, the Board has affirmatively
determined that Messrs. Ross, Rampacek and Barnett are ";independent"; directors
under the NYSE rules. 
 
 Code
of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 EPGP has
adopted a ";Code of Conduct"; that applies to its directors, officers and
employees. This code sets out our requirements for compliance with
legal and ethical standards in the conduct of our business, including general
business principles, legal and ethical obligations, compliance policies for
specific subjects, obtaining guidance, the reporting of compliance issues and
discipline for violations of the code. The Code of Conduct also
establishes policies applicable to our chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, principal accounting officer and senior financial and other managers to
prevent wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct, including ethical
handling of actual and apparent conflicts of interest, compliance with
applicable laws, rules and regulations, full, fair, accurate, timely and
understandable disclosure in public communications and prompt internal reporting
of violations of the code (and thus accountability for adherence to the
code). 
 
 Governance
guidelines, together with applicable committee charters, provide the framework
for effective governance. The Board has adopted the ";Governance
Guidelines of Enterprise Products Partners,"; which address several matters,
including qualifications for directors, responsibilities of directors,
retirement of directors, the composition and responsibilities of the ACG
Committee, the conduct and frequency of Board and committee meetings, management
succession plans, director access to management and outside advisors, director
compensation, director and executive officer equity ownership, director
orientation and continuing education, and annual self-evaluation of the
Board. The Board recognizes that effective governance is an on-going
process, and thus, it will review the Governance Guidelines of Enterprise
Products Partners annually or more often as deemed necessary. 
 
 We
provide investors access to current information relating to our governance
procedures and principles, including the Code of Conduct, the Governance
Guidelines of Enterprise Products Partners and other matters, through our
Internet website, www.epplp.com . You
may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for
printed copies of these documents free of charge. 
 
 ACG
Committee 
 
 The sole
committee of the Board is its ACG Committee. In accordance with NYSE
rules and Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Board has named three of its members to serve on its ACG
Committee. The members of the ACG Committee are independent
directors, free from any relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries that
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment. 
 
 The
members of the ACG Committee must have a basic understanding of finance and
accounting and be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements,
and at least one member of the ACG Committee shall have accounting or related
financial management expertise. The members of the ACG Committee are
Messrs. Ross, Rampacek and Barnett. The Board has affirmatively
determined that Mr. 

 109 

 Table of Contents 

 Rampacek
satisfies the definition of ";audit committee financial expert"; as defined in
Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 
 The ACG
Committee';s duties are addressing audit and conflicts-related items and general
corporate governance matters. From an audit and conflicts standpoint,
the primary responsibilities of the ACG Committee include: 

 &#167; 

 reviewing
 potential conflicts of interests, including related party
 transactions; 

 &#167; 

 monitoring
 the integrity of our financial reporting process and related systems of
 internal control; 

 &#167; 

 ensuring
 our legal and regulatory compliance and that of
 EPGP; 

 &#167; 

 overseeing
 the independence and performance of our independent public
 accountant; 

 &#167; 

 approving
 all services performed by our independent public
 accountant; 

 &#167; 

 providing
 for an avenue of communication among the independent public accountant,
 management, internal audit function and the
 Board; 

 &#167; 

 encouraging
 adherence to and continuous improvement of our policies, procedures and
 practices at all levels; 

 &#167; 

 reviewing
 areas of potential significant financial risk to our businesses;
 and 

 &#167; 

 approving
 awards granted under our long-term incentive
 plans. 

 If the
Board believes that a particular matter presents a conflict of interest and
proposes a resolution, the ACG Committee has the authority to review such matter
to determine if the proposed resolution is fair and reasonable to
us. Any matters approved by the ACG Committee are conclusively deemed
to be fair and reasonable to our business, approved by all of our partners and
not a breach by EPGP or the Board of any duties they may owe us or our
unitholders. 
 
 Pursuant
to its formal written charter, the ACG Committee has the authority to conduct
any investigation appropriate to fulfilling its responsibilities, and it has
direct access to our independent public accountants as well as any EPCO
personnel whom it deems necessary in fulfilling its
responsibilities. The ACG Committee has the ability to retain, at our
expense, special legal, accounting or other consultants or experts it deems
necessary in the performance of its duties. 
 
 From a
governance standpoint, the primary duties and responsibilities of the ACG
Committee are to recommend to the Board a set of governance principles
applicable to us and review such guidelines from time to time, making any
changes that the ACG Committee deems necessary. The ACG Committee
assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. 
 
 A copy of
the ACG Committee charter is available on our website, www.epplp.com . You
may also contact our Investor Relations department at (866) 230-0745 for a
printed copy of this document free of charge. 
 
 NYSE
Corporate Governance Listing Standards 
 
 On March
20, 2009, Michael A. Creel, our CEO, certified to the NYSE (as required by
Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual) that he was not aware of
any violation by us of the NYSE';s Corporate Governance listing standards as of
March 20, 2009. 

 110 

 Table of Contents 

 Executive
Sessions of Non-Management Directors 
 
 The Board
holds regular executive sessions in which non-management directors meet without
any members of management present. The purpose of these executive
sessions is to promote open and candid discussion among the non-management
directors. During such executive sessions, one director is designated
as the ";presiding director,"; who is responsible for leading and facilitating
such executive sessions. Currently, the presiding director is Mr.
Barnett. 
 
 In
accordance with NYSE rules, we have established a toll-free, confidential
telephone hotline (the ";Hotline";) so that interested parties may communicate
with the presiding director or with all the non-management directors as a
group. All calls to this Hotline are reported to the chairman of the
ACG Committee, who is responsible for communicating any necessary information to
the other non-management directors. The number of our confidential
Hotline is (877) 888-0002. 
 
 Directors
and Executive Officers of EPGP 
 
 The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of the directors
and executive officers of EPGP at March 1, 2010. Each executive
officer holds the same respective office shown below in the general partner of
EPO. 

 Name 

 Age 

 Position
 with EPGP 

 Dan
 L. Duncan (1) 

 77 

 Director
 and Chairman 

 Michael
 A. Creel (1) 

 56 

 Director,
 President and CEO 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (1) 

 53 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President and CFO 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann (1) 

 57 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and
 Secretary 

 A.
 James Teague (1) 

 64 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

 Dr.
 Ralph S. Cunningham 

 69 

 Director 

 E.
 William Barnett (2,3) 

 77 

 Director 

 Rex
 C. Ross (2) 

 66 

 Director 

 Charles
 M. Rampacek (2) 

 66 

 Director 

 William
 Ordemann (1) 

 50 

 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

 Lynn
 L. Bourdon, III (1) 

 48 

 Senior
 Vice President 

 Bryan
 F. Bulawa (1) 

 40 

 Senior
 Vice President and Treasurer 

 James
 M. Collingsworth (1) 

 55 

 Senior
 Vice President 

 Mark
 Hurley (1) 

 51 

 Senior
 Vice President 

 Michael
 J. Knesek (1) 

 55 

 Senior
 Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting
 Officer 

 Christopher
 Skoog (1) 

 46 

 Senior
 Vice President 

 Thomas
 M. Zulim (1) 

 52 

 Senior
 Vice President 

 (1) Executive
 officer 
 (2) Member
 of ACG Committee 
 (3) Chairman
 of ACG Committee 

 The following information presents a
brief history of the business experience of our directors and executive officers
serving as of March 1, 2010: 
 
 Dan L.
Duncan . Mr.
Duncan was elected Chairman and a Director of EPGP in April 1998, Chairman and a
Director of the general partner (now the managing member) of EPO in December
2003, Chairman and a Director of EPE Holdings in August 2005 and Chairman and a
Director of DEP GP in October 2006. Mr. Duncan served as the sole
Chairman of EPCO from 1979 to December 2007. Mr. Duncan now serves as
Group Co-Chairman of EPCO with his daughter, Ms. Randa Duncan Williams, who is
also a Director of EPE Holdings. In December 2009, Mr. Duncan was
appointed as a Director of LE GP, the general partner of Energy Transfer
Equity. He also serves as an Honorary Trustee of the Board of
Trustees of the Texas Heart Institute at Saint Luke';s Episcopal Hospital and on
the Board of Trustees of the Baylor College of Medicine. 
 
 Michael
A. Creel . Mr. Creel was elected President and CEO of EPGP in
August 2007. From June 2000 to August 2007, Mr. Creel served as CFO
of EPGP and an Executive Vice President of EPGP from 

 111 

 Table of Contents 

 January
2001 to August 2007. Mr. Creel, a Certified Public Accountant, also
served as a Senior Vice President of EPGP from November 1999 to January
2001. 
 
 In
December 2007, Mr. Creel was elected Group Vice Chairman and CFO of
EPCO. Prior to these elections in EPCO, Mr. Creel served as Chief
Operating Officer from April 2005 to December 2007 and CFO from June 2000 to
April 2005 for EPCO. He also serves as a Director of EPE Holdings,
DEP GP and EPGP since October 2009, October 2006 and February 2006,
respectively. Mr. Creel served as President, CEO and a Director of
EPE Holdings from August 2005 through August 2007. From October 2006
to August 2007, Mr. Creel served as the CFO and an Executive Vice President of
DEP GP. From October 2005 through December 2009, Mr. Creel
served as a Director of Edge Petroleum Corporation, a publicly traded oil and
natural gas exploration and production company, which filed a voluntary petition
under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in October 2009 and, on December
31, 2009, completed the sale of substantially all of its assets to Mariner
Energy, Inc. 
 
 W.
Randall Fowler . Mr. Fowler was elected Executive Vice
President and CFO of EPGP, EPE Holdings and DEP GP in August
2007. Mr. Fowler served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer of
EPGP from February 2005 to August 2007 and of DEP GP from October 2006 to August
2007. Mr. Fowler has also served as a Director of EPGP and of EPE
Holdings since February 2006 and of DEP GP since September 2006. Mr.
Fowler also served as Senior Vice President and CFO of EPE Holdings from August
2005 to August 2007. 
 
 Mr. Fowler
was elected President and CEO of EPCO in December 2007. Prior to
these elections, he served as CFO of EPCO from April 2005 to December
2007. Mr. Fowler, a Certified Public Accountant (inactive),
joined Enterprise Products Partners as Director of Investor Relations in January
1999. Mr. Fowler also serves as Chairman of the Board of the National
Association of Publicly Traded Partnerships. 
 
 Richard
H. Bachmann . Mr. Bachmann was elected an Executive Vice
President and the Chief Legal Officer of EPGP in February 1999, was elected
Secretary of EPGP in November 1999 and was elected a Director of EPGP in
February 2006. He previously served as a Director of EPGP from June
2000 to January 2004. Mr. Bachmann has served as Executive Vice
President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of EPE Holdings since April
2005. 
 
 Mr.
Bachmann was elected as the Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of EPCO in May
1999 and as a Group Vice Chairman of EPCO in December 2007. In
October 2006, Mr. Bachmann was elected President, CEO and a Director of DEP
GP. Mr. Bachmann was also elected a Director of EPE Holdings in
February 2006. Since January 1999, Mr. Bachmann has served as a
Director of EPCO. In November 2006, Mr. Bachmann was appointed as an
independent manager of Constellation Energy Partners LLC. Mr.
Bachmann also serves as a member of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and
Governance Committees of Constellation Energy Partners LLC and as the chairman
of its Conflicts Committee. 
 
 A. James
Teague . Mr.
Teague was elected an Executive Vice President of EPGP in November 1999 and
additionally as our Chief Commercial Officer and a Director in July
2008. He also serves as a Director of EPE Holdings (since October
2009) and as Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of
DEP GP (since July 2008). Mr. Teague joined us in connection with our
purchase of certain midstream energy assets from affiliates of Shell in
1999. From 1998 to 1999, Mr. Teague served as President of Tejas
Natural Gas Liquids, LLC, then an affiliate of Shell. From 1997 to
1998, he was President of Marketing and Trading for Mapco Inc. 
 
 Dr.
Ralph S. Cunningham . Dr. Cunningham was elected a Director of
EPGP in February 2006 having previously served as a Director of EPGP from 1998
until March 2005. In addition to these duties, Dr. Cunningham served
as Group Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of EPGP from
December 2005 to August 2007 and Interim President and Interim CEO from June
2007 to August 2007. In August 2007, Dr. Cunningham was elected a
Director of DEP GP and a Director, the President and CEO of EPE
Holdings. He served as Chairman and a Director of TEPPCO GP from
March 2005 until November 2005. 

 112 

 Table of Contents 

 Dr. Cunningham was elected a Group Vice
Chairman of EPCO in December 2007 having previously served as a Director of EPCO
from 1987 to 1997. He serves as a Director of Tetra Technologies,
Inc. (a publicly traded energy services and chemical company), LE GP, the
general partner of Energy Transfer Equity (a publicly traded energy services
partnership) and Agrium, Inc. (a Canadian publicly traded agricultural chemicals
company). In addition, Dr. Cunningham serves as a Director and the
Chairman of the Safety, Health and Responsibility Committee of Cenovus Energy
Inc. (a Canadian publicly traded oil company). Dr. Cunningham retired
in 1997 from CITGO Petroleum Corporation, where he had served as President and
CEO since 1995. 
 
 E.
William Barnett .
 Mr. Barnett was elected a Director of EPGP in March 2005. Mr.
Barnett is a member of our ACG Committee and serves as its
Chairman. Mr. Barnett practiced law with Baker Botts L.L.P. from 1958
until his retirement in 2004. In 1984, he became Managing Partner of
Baker Botts L.L.P. and continued in that role for 14 years until
1998. He was Senior Counsel to the firm from 1998 until June 2004,
when he retired from the firm. Mr. Barnett served as Chairman of the
Board of Trustees of Rice University from 1996 to July 2005. 
 
 Mr.
Barnett is a Life Trustee of The University of Texas Law School Foundation; a
Director of St. Luke';s Episcopal Hospital; and a Director Emeritus and former
Chairman of the Houston Zoo, Inc. (the operating arm of the Houston
Zoo). He is a Director of RRI Energy, Inc. (a publicly traded
electric services company) and Westlake Chemical Corporation (a publicly traded
chemical company). Mr. Barnett is Chairman of the Advisory Board of
the Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University and a Director Emeritus
and former Chairman of the Greater Houston Partnership. Mr. Barnett
served as a Trustee of the Baylor College of Medicine from 1993 until
2004. 
 
 Rex C.
Ross . Mr. Ross was
elected a Director of EPGP in October 2006 and is a member of its ACG
Committee. Until July 2009, Mr. Ross served as a Director of
Schlumberger Technology Corporation, the holding company for all Schlumberger
Limited assets and entities in the United States. Prior to his
executive retirement from Schlumberger Limited in May 2004, Mr. Ross held a
number of executive management positions during his 11-year career with the
company, including President of Schlumberger Oilfield Services North America;
President, Schlumberger GeoQuest; and President of SchlumbergerSema North &
South America. Mr. Ross also serves on the Board of Directors of
Gulfmark Offshore, Inc. (a publicly traded offshore marine services company) and
is a member of its Governance Committee. 
 
 Charles
M. Rampacek . Mr.
Rampacek was elected a Director of EPGP in October 2006 and is a member of its
ACG Committee. Mr. Rampacek is currently a business and management
consultant in the energy industry. Mr. Rampacek served as Chairman,
CEO and President of Probex Corporation (";Probex";), an energy technology company
that developed a proprietary used oil recovery process, from 2000 until his
retirement in 2003. Prior to joining Probex, Mr. Rampacek was
President and CEO of Lyondell-Citgo Refining L.P, a manufacturer of petroleum
products, from 1996 through 2000. From 1982 to 1995, he held various
executive positions with Tenneco Inc. and its energy-related subsidiaries,
including President of Tenneco Gas Transportation Company, Executive Vice
President of Tenneco Gas Operations and Senior Vice President of Refining and
Supply. Mr. Rampacek also spent 16 years with Exxon Company USA,
where he held various supervisory and management positions. Mr.
Rampacek has been a Director of Flowserve Corporation since 1998 and is Chairman
of its Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and a member of its
Organization and Compensation Committee. Mr. Rampacek also serves as
a Director of Cenovus Energy Inc. (a Canadian publicly traded oil
company). 
 
 In 2005,
two complaints requesting recovery of certain costs were filed against former
officers and directors of Probex as a result of the bankruptcy of Probex in
2003. These complaints were defended under Probex';s director and officer
insurance with American International Group, Inc. (";AIG";) and settlement was
reached and paid by AIG with bankruptcy court approval in the first half of
2006. An additional complaint was filed in 2005 against noteholders
of certain Probex debt of which Mr. Rampacek was one. A settlement of
$2 thousand was reached and approved by the bankruptcy court in the first half
of 2006. 

 113 

 Table of Contents 

 William
Ordemann . Mr. Ordemann was elected an Executive Vice President
and the Chief Operating Officer of EPGP in August 2007. He was also
elected an Executive Vice President of DEP GP in August 2007. He
previously served as a Senior Vice President of EPGP from September 2001 to
August 2007 and was a Vice President of EPGP from October 1999 to September
2001. Mr. Ordemann joined us in connection with our purchase of
certain midstream energy assets from affiliates of Shell Oil Company in
1999. Prior to joining us, he was a Vice President of Shell Midstream
Enterprises, LLC from January 1997 to February 1998, and Vice President of Tejas
Natural Gas Liquids, LLC from February 1998 to September 1999. 
 
 Lynn L.
Bourdon, III . Mr. Bourdon was
elected as a Senior Vice President, Supply & Marketing of EPGP in 2004 after
serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer with Orion
Refining Corporation and as a Partner in En*Vantage, Inc. Prior to
that time, Mr. Bourdon was Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations for
PG&E Gas Transmission and Vice President, NGL Marketing & Development at
the predecessor company, Valero. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bourdon
served 12 years with Dow Chemical Company in the engineering, business and
commercial areas. 
 
 Bryan F.
Bulawa . Mr. Bulawa was
elected Senior Vice President and Treasurer of EPGP, EPE Holdings and DEP GP in
October 2009, having served as Vice President and Treasurer of EPGP since July
2007. Prior to joining Enterprise, Mr. Bulawa spent 13 years at
Scotia Capital, where he served as director of the firm';s U.S. Energy Corporate
Finance and Distribution group. 
 
 James M.
Collingsworth . Mr.
Collingsworth was elected Vice President of EPGP in November 2001 and Senior
Vice President in November 2002. Previously, he served as a board
member of Texaco Canada Petroleum Inc. from July 1998 to October 2001 and was
employed by Texaco from 1991 to 2001 in various management positions, including
Senior Vice President of NGL Assets and Business Services from July 1998 to
October 2001. Prior to joining Texaco, Mr. Collingsworth was director
of feedstocks for Rexene Petrochemical Company from 1988 to 1991 and served in
the MAPCO, Inc. organization from 1973 to 1988 in various capacities including
customer service and business development manager of the Mid-America and
Seminole pipelines. 
 
 Mark A.
Hurley . Mr. Hurley joined EPGP on March 1, 2010 as Senior Vice
President, Crude Oil & Offshore. Prior to joining EPGP, Mr.
Hurley was a Shell employee and recently served as President of Shell Pipeline
Company, a crude oil, refined products and natural gas energy storage and
transportation company. Mr. Hurley began his career with Shell in
process engineering positions at refineries in Louisiana and
California. During his tenure with Shell, he held key leadership
roles in refinery and lubricant plant operations, marketing, sales, product
supply planning and trading, with both U.S. and global
responsibilities. As President of Shell Pipeline Company for five
years, Mr. Hurley had ultimate responsibility for profitability, operations,
strategy, business development and capital project development. 
 
 Michael
J. Knesek . Mr.
Knesek, a Certified Public Accountant, was elected a Senior Vice President of
EPGP in February 2005, having served as a Vice President of EPGP since August
2000. Mr. Knesek has been the Principal Accounting Officer and
Controller of EPGP since August 2000, of EPE Holdings since August 2005 and of
DEP GP since September 2006. He has served as Senior Vice President
of EPE Holdings since August 2005 and of DEP GP since September
2006. Mr. Knesek has been the Controller of EPCO since 1990 and
currently serves as one of its Senior Vice Presidents. 
 
 Christopher
R. Skoog . Mr. Skoog joined the partnership in July 2007 as
Senior Vice President of EPGP to develop and lead Enterprise Product Partners'
Natural Gas Services and Marketing group. In July 2008, he also
assumed responsibility for Enterprise Product Partners' non-regulated and
intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage businesses. From 1995 to
July 2007, he served in various executive positions at ONEOK, Inc. and ONEOK
Partners L.P. He led ONEOK Energy Services from 1995 to 2005, and
held senior executive positions at ONEOK from 2005 to 2007. 
 
 Thomas
M. Zulim . Since July 2008, Mr. Zulim has served as a Senior
Vice President of EPGP and EPCO, Inc., with responsibility for the partnership's
unregulated NGL business. From March 2006 to July 2008, Mr. Zulim
served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, for both EPGP and EPCO, and
served 

 114 

 Table of Contents 

 as Vice
President, Human Resources, for both EPGP and EPCO from December 2004 to March
2006. He joined EPCO in 1999 as Director of Business Management for
the NGL Fractionation business. Mr. Zulim came to EPCO from Shell
where, as an attorney, he practiced labor and employment law nationally for
several years before joining Shell Midstream Enterprises in 1996 as Director of
Business Development for its natural gas processing and NGL fractionation
businesses. Mr. Zulim resumed practicing law with EPCO's legal group
in January 2002 until December 2004. 
 
 Director
Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills 
 
 The following is a brief discussion of
the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led to the conclusion
that the following persons should serve as a director of our general
partner. 
 
 Six of our directors are employees of
EPCO and officers of our general partner or its affiliates. Each of
these directors has significant experience in our industry as executive officers
as well as other qualifications, attributes and skills. These
include: for Mr. Duncan, over 55 years of ownership and management of a number
of midstream businesses, including as one of the founders of Enterprise Products
Partners; for Mr. Creel, over 30 years of management experience with midstream
assets, for both third parties and Enterprise Products Partners, including
finance and accounting (certified public accountant) and more than six years of
management experience in the financial industry; for Mr. Fowler, over ten years
of experience with our midstream assets, including finance, accounting (inactive
certified public accountant) and investor public relations and, for over the
last six years, as a member of Enterprise Products Partners'; executive
management team; for Mr. Bachmann, over 28 years of experience with our
midstream assets, including legal, regulatory, contract and merger and
acquisitions and, for over the last ten years, as a member of Enterprise
Products Partners'; executive management team; for Mr. Teague, over 40 years of
commercial management of midstream assets and marketing and trading activities,
both for third parties and for the Enterprise Products Partners'; businesses; and
for Dr. Cunningham, over 45 years of refined products, chemicals, and midstream
businesses. 
 
 Our three outside directors also have
significant experience in our industry in a variety of capacities, as well as
other qualifications, attributes and skills. These include: for Mr.
Barnett, legal, regulatory and management skills as a former managing partner of
an international law firm; for Mr. Ross, executive management of oilfield
services businesses; and for Mr. Rampacek, executive management of petroleum
products refining, transportation and supply businesses. 
 
 Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Under
federal securities laws, EPGP, directors and executive officers of EPGP, and
certain other officers, and any persons holding more than 10% of our common
units are required to report their beneficial ownership of common units and any
changes in their beneficial ownership levels to us and the
SEC. Specific due dates for these reports have been established by
regulation, and we are required to disclose in this annual report any failure to
file this information within the specified timeframes. All such
reporting was done in a timely manner in 2009, except that (i) on March 9, 2009,
Mr. Collingsworth filed one late Form 3 reporting his new status as an executive
officer of EPGP and (ii) on August 13, 2009, Mr. Collingsworth filed one late
Form 4 reporting the in-kind payment of a Federal income tax
obligation. 

 Item 11. Executive
Compensation . 
 
 Executive
Officer Compensation 
 
 We do not directly employ any of the
persons responsible for managing our partnership. Instead, we are
managed by our general partner, the executive officers of which are employees of
EPCO, a privately held company controlled by Dan L. Duncan. Our
management, administrative and operating functions are primarily performed by
employees of EPCO pursuant to the ASA. Pursuant to the ASA, we
reimburse EPCO for 100% of EPCO';s compensation costs related to our
partnership. For additional information 

 115 

 Table of Contents 

 regarding
the ASA, see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
under Item 8 of this annual report. 
 
 Summary
Compensation Table 
 
 The following table presents total
compensation amounts, paid, accrued or otherwise expensed by us with respect to
the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 for the CEO, CFO and three
other most highly compensated executive officers of our general partner as of
December 31, 2009. Collectively, these five individuals were our
";named executive officers"; for 2009. 

 Cash 

 Cash 

 Unit 

 Option 

 All
 Other 

 Name
 and 

 Salary 

 Bonus 

 Awards 

 Awards 

 Comp. 

 Total 

 Principal
 Position 

 Year 

 ($) 

 ($)
 (1) 

 ($)
 (2) 

 ($)
 (3) 

 ($)
 (4) 

 ($) 

 Michael
 A. Creel 

 2009 

 $ 
 580,000 

 $ 
 1,280,000 

 $ 
 2,616,695 

 $ 
 718,920 

 $ 
 216,630 

 $ 
 5,412,245 

 (President
 and CEO) 

 2008 

 563,200 

 552,000 

 3,668,620 

 171,360 

 200,241 

 5,155,421 

 2007 

 361,808 

 365,370 

 1,435,901 

 94,390 

 108,017 

 2,365,486 

 W.
 Randall Fowler 

 2009 

 206,719 

 354,375 

 973,475 

 242,422 

 80,271 

 1,857,262 

 (Executive
 Vice President and CFO) 

 2008 

 190,781 

 131,250 

 1,377,456 

 53,550 

 62,646 

 1,815,683 

 2007 

 213,145 

 129,720 

 1,026,528 

 57,526 

 53,425 

 1,480,344 

 A.
 James Teague 

 2009 

 650,000 

 950,000 

 2,445,585 

 665,400 

 233,747 

 4,944,732 

 (Executive
 Vice President and 

 2008 

 558,333 

 500,000 

 3,627,701 

 142,800 

 176,651 

 5,005,485 

 Chief
 Commercial Officer) 

 2007 

 445,660 

 300,000 

 2,175,230 

 160,800 

 110,336 

 3,192,026 

 William
 Ordemann 

 2009 

 395,200 

 310,000 

 1,643,242 

 565,950 

 220,470 

 3,134,862 

 (Executive
 Vice President and 

 2008 

 391,400 

 265,000 

 1,779,805 

 142,800 

 157,884 

 2,736,889 

 Chief
 Operating Officer) 

 2007 

 331,337 

 228,000 

 1,554,414 

 80,400 

 86,671 

 2,280,822 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 2009 

 346,688 

 510,625 

 1,480,455 

 357,653 

 127,103 

 2,822,524 

 (Executive
 Vice President and 

 2008 

 351,313 

 233,750 

 2,140,435 

 78,540 

 129,921 

 2,933,959 

 Chief
 Legal Officer) 

 2007 

 306,900 

 186,000 

 1,264,670 

 83,134 

 94,752 

 1,935,456 

 (1)
 Amounts
 represent discretionary annual cash awards accrued with respect to the
 years presented. Cash awards are paid in February of the following
 year (e.g., the cash awards for 2009 were paid in February
 2010). 
 (2)
 Amounts
 represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted unit and
 profits interests awards in the Employee Partnerships granted during each
 year presented. For information about assumptions made in the
 valuation of these awards, see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report, which
 information is incorporated by reference herein. 
 (3)
 Amounts
 represent the aggregate grant date fair value of unit option awards
 granted during each year presented. For information about assumptions
 made in the valuation of these awards, see Note 5 of the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
 report, which information is incorporated by reference
herein. 
 (4)
 Amounts
 primarily represent (i) matching contributions under funded, qualified,
 defined contribution retirement plans, (ii) quarterly distributions paid
 on incentive plan awards and (iii) the imputed value of life insurance
 premiums paid on behalf of the officer. 

 Each of the named executive officers
continues to perform services for other affiliates of EPCO. Under the
ASA, the compensation costs of our named executive officers are allocated to us
and our affiliates based on the estimated amount of time that each officer
spends on our consolidated businesses in any fiscal year. These
percentages are reassessed at least quarterly. 

 116 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table presents the average approximate amount of time devoted by each
of our named executive officers to our consolidated businesses, which includes
Duncan Energy Partners, and those of our other affiliates for each of the years
presented. 

 Enterprise 

 EPCO
 and 

 Total 

 Products 

 other 

 Time 

 Named
 Executive Officer 

 Year 

 Partners 

 affiliates 

 Allocated 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 2009 

 80% 

 20% 

 100% 

 2008 

 80% 

 20% 

 100% 

 2007 

 59% 

 41% 

 100% 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 2009 

 40% 

 60% 

 100% 

 2008 

 38% 

 62% 

 100% 

 2007 

 48% 

 52% 

 100% 

 A.
 James Teague 

 2009 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 2008 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 2007 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 William
 Ordemann 

 2009 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 2008 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 2007 

 100% 

 -- 

 100% 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 2009 

 54% 

 46% 

 100% 

 2008 

 55% 

 45% 

 100% 

 2007 

 52% 

 48% 

 100% 

 Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 
 
 With respect to our named executive
officers, compensation paid or awarded by us for the last three fiscal years
reflects only that portion of compensation paid by EPCO allocated to us pursuant
to the ASA, including an allocation of a portion of the cost of equity-based
long-term incentive plans of EPCO. Dan L. Duncan controls EPCO and
has ultimate decision-making authority with respect to the compensation of our
named executive officers. The following elements of compensation, and
EPCO';s decisions with respect to determination of payments, are not subject to
approvals by the Board or the ACG Committee of our general
partner. Equity awards under EPCO';s long-term incentive plans are
approved by the ACG Committee of the respective issuer. We do not
have a separate compensation committee. 
 
 As discussed below, the elements of
EPCO';s compensation program, along with EPCO';s other rewards (e.g., benefits,
work environment and career development), are intended to provide a total
rewards package to employees. The objectives of EPCO';s compensation
program are to provide competitive compensation opportunities that will align
and drive employee performance toward the creation of sustained long-term
unitholder value. Our compensation program allows us to attract,
motivate and retain high quality talent with the skills and competencies we
require. The compensation package is designed to reward contributions
by employees in support of the business strategies of EPCO and its affiliates at
both the partnership and individual levels. With respect to the three
years ended December 31, 2009, EPCO';s compensation package for named executive
officers did not include any elements based on targeted performance-related
criteria. 
 
 The primary elements of EPCO';s
compensation program are a combination of annual cash and long-term equity-based
incentive compensation. For the three years ended December 31, 2009,
the elements of compensation for the named executive officers consisted of the
following: 

 &#167; 

 Annual
 cash base salary; 

 &#167; 

 Discretionary
 annual cash bonus awards; 

 117 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 Awards
 under long-term incentive arrangements;
and 

 &#167; 

 Other
 compensation, including very limited
 perquisites. 

 In order
to assist Mr. Duncan and EPCO with compensation decisions, Mr. Creel and Dr.
Cunningham (both Group Vice Chairmen for EPCO) and the senior vice president of
Human Resources for EPCO formulate preliminary compensation recommendations for
each of the named executive officers other than our CEO. Mr. Duncan,
after consulting with the senior vice president of Human Resources for EPCO,
independently makes compensation decisions with respect to the named executive
officers. In making these compensation decisions, EPCO considers
market data for determining relevant compensation levels and compensation
program elements through the review of and, in certain cases, participation in,
relevant compensation surveys and reports. These surveys and reports
are conducted and prepared by a third-party compensation
consultant. 
 
 Periodically, EPCO will engage a
third-party consultant to review compensation elements provided to our executive
officers. In 2009, EPCO engaged Hewitt & Associates (";Hewitt";) to
review executive compensation relative to our industry. Hewitt
provided comparative market data on compensation practices and programs for
executive level positions based on an analysis of industry competitors and
external trends. Neither we, nor EPCO, which engages the consultant,
are aware of the identity of the companies whose data was used from the
consultant';s proprietary data base for specific positions. EPCO uses
the information provided in the Hewitt analysis to gauge whether compensation
levels reported by the consultant are within the general ranges of compensation
for EPCO employees in similar positions, but that comparison is only a factor
taken into consideration and may or may not impact compensation of our executive
officers, for which Dan L. Duncan has the ultimate decision-making
authority. EPCO does not otherwise engage in benchmarking for the
named executive officers'; positions. 
 
 Mr. Duncan and EPCO do not use any
formula or specific performance-based criteria for our named executive officers
in connection with determining compensation for services performed for us;
rather, Mr. Duncan and EPCO determine an appropriate level and mix of
compensation on a case-by-case basis. Further, there is no
established policy or target for the allocation between either cash and non-cash
or short-term and long-term incentive compensation. However, some
considerations that Mr. Duncan may take into account in making the case-by-case
compensation determinations include total value of all elements of compensation
and the appropriate balance of internal pay equity among executive
officers. Mr. Duncan and EPCO also consider individual performance,
levels of responsibility and value to the organization. All
compensation determinations are discretionary and, as noted above, subject to
Mr. Duncan';s ultimate decision-making authority, except for equity awards under
EPCO';s long-term incentive plans, as discussed below. 
 
 We believe the absence of specific
performance-based criteria associated with our cash compensation and equity
awards, and the long-term nature of our equity awards, has the effect of
discouraging excessive risk taking by our executive officers in order to reach
certain targets. Further, the practice of making compensation
decisions on a case-by-case basis permits consideration of flexible criteria,
including current overall market conditions. 
 
 The discretionary cash bonus awards
paid to each of our named executive officers were determined by consultation, as
appropriate, among Mr. Duncan, Mr. Creel, Dr. Cunningham, Mr. Bachmann and the
senior vice president of Human Resources for EPCO, subject to Mr. Duncan';s final
determination. These cash bonus awards, in combination with annual
base salaries, are intended to yield competitive total cash compensation levels
for the named executive officers and drive performance in support of our
business strategies, as well as the performance of other EPCO affiliates for
which the named executive officers perform services. It is EPCO';s
general policy to pay these awards in February of the following
year. 
 
 The awards granted under EPCO';s
long-term incentive plans to our named executive officers were determined by
consultation among Mr. Duncan, Mr. Creel and the senior vice president of Human
Resources for EPCO, and were approved by the ACG Committee of the respective
issuer. In addition, our 

 118 

 Table of Contents 

 named
executive officers are Class B limited partners in certain of the Employee
Partnerships. Mr. Duncan approves the issuance of all limited
partnership interests in the Employee Partnerships to our named executive
officers. See ";Summary of Long-Term Incentive Arrangements Underlying
2009 Award Grants"; below for information regarding EPCO';s long-term incentive
plans. 
 
 EPCO generally does not pay for
perquisites for any of our named executive officers, other than reimbursement of
certain parking expenses, and expects to continue its policy of covering limited
perquisites allocable to our named executive officers. EPCO also
makes matching contributions under its defined contribution plans for the
benefit of our named executive officers in the same manner as it does for other
EPCO employees. 
 
 EPCO does not offer our named executive
officers a defined benefit pension plan. Also, none of our named
executive officers had nonqualified deferred compensation during the three years
ended December 31, 2009. 
 
 In December 2009, EPCO and the partners
of each of the Employee Partnerships amended the partnership agreement of each
of the Employee Partnerships to provide that the expected liquidation date for
such Employee Partnership will be in February 2016. The extensions of
the expected liquidation dates were intended to align the interests of the
employee partners of the Employee Partnerships with the long-term interests of
EPCO and other unitholders in the relevant underlying publicly traded
partnerships, which also hold indirectly a significant ownership interest in
both us and our subsidiaries. 
 
 Also in December 2009, the Board
implemented certain equity ownership guidelines for directors and executive
officers of our general partner in order to further align their interests and
actions with the interests of our partnership and its
unitholders. See ";Security Ownership of Management"; within Item 12 of
this annual report for additional information. Our compensation
practices for our named executive officers are not expected to be impacted by
this new policy. 
 
 We believe that each of the base
salary, cash bonus awards, and long-term incentive awards fit the overall
compensation objectives of us and of EPCO and are designed to avoid risks that
are likely to conflict with the partnership';s risk management
policies. 

 119 

 Table of Contents 

 Grants
of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2009 
 
 The following table presents
information concerning each grant of a plan-based award made to a named
executive officer in 2009 for which we will be allocated by EPCO our pro rata
share under the ASA. The restricted unit and unit option awards
granted during 2009 were under EPCO';s long-term incentive plans. See
";Summary of Long-Term Incentive Arrangements Underlying 2009 Award Grants";
within this discussion of compensation of directors and executive officers for
additional information regarding the long-term incentive plans under which these
awards were granted. 

 Grant 

 Exercise 

 Date
 Fair 

 or
 Base 

 Value
 of 

 Estimated
 Future Payouts Under 

 Price
 of 

 Unit
 and 

 Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards 

 Option 

 Option 

 Grant 

 Threshold 

 Target 

 Maximum 

 Awards 

 Awards 

 Name 

 Date 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 ($/Unit) 

 ($) (1) 

 Restricted unit
 awards: (2) 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 50,600 

 -- 

 -- 

 $ 
 1,008,762 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 34,000 

 -- 

 -- 

 333,659 

 A.
 James Teague 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 37,400 

 -- 

 -- 

 932,008 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 37,400 

 -- 

 -- 

 500,954 

 William
 Ordemann 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 30,000 

 -- 

 -- 

 747,600 

 Unit option awards:
 (3) 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 2/19/09 

 -- 

 75,000 

 -- 

 22.06 

 397,800 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 90,000 

 -- 

 24.92 

 321,120 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 2/19/09 

 -- 

 52,500 

 -- 

 22.06 

 137,072 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 24.92 

 105,381 

 A.
 James Teague 

 2/19/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 22.06 

 397,800 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 24.92 

 267,600 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 2/19/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 22.06 

 213,818 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 24.92 

 143,835 

 William
 Ordemann 

 2/19/09 

 -- 

 45,000 

 -- 

 22.06 

 298,350 

 5/06/09 

 -- 

 60,000 

 -- 

 24.92 

 267,600 

 Profits interest awards:
 (4) 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 12/02/09 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,607,933 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 12/02/09 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 639,940 

 A.
 James Teague 

 12/02/09 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,513,577 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 12/02/09 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 979,501 

 William
 Ordemann 

 12/02/09 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 895,642 

 (1)
 Amounts
 presented reflect that portion of grant date fair value allocable to us
 based on the average percentage of time each named executive officer spent
 on our consolidated business activities during 2009. Based on current
 allocations, we estimate that the consolidated compensation expense we
 record for each named executive officer with respect to these awards will
 equal these amounts over the vesting period. 
 (2)
 Awards
 granted during 2009 were made under the Enterprise Products 1998 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan (";1998 Plan";). 
 (3)
 Awards
 granted during 2009 were made under the Amended and Restated 2008
 Enterprise Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (";2008 Plan";). 
 (4)
 Awards
 represent each named executive officer';s share of the aggregate
 incremental fair value resulting from the extension of the liquidation
 date (a material modification of the underlying awards) of each Employee
 Partnership to February 2016. 

 The grant date fair value amounts
presented in the table are based on certain assumptions and considerations made
by management. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included under Item 8 of this annual report for additional information regarding
our fair value assumptions made in connection with equity-based
compensation. 

 120 

 Table of Contents 

 Summary
of Long-Term Incentive Arrangements Underlying 2009 Award Grants 
 
 The following information summarizes
the principal types of awards granted to our named executive officers under
EPCO';s long-term incentive plans. These plans provide for incentive
awards to EPCO';s key employees who perform management, administrative or
operational functions for us or our affiliates. 
 
 Awards granted under the 1998 Plan may
be in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom units, unit
appreciation rights (";UARs";) and distribution equivalent rights
(";DERs";). Awards granted under the 2008 Plan may be in the form of
unit options, restricted units, phantom units, UARs and DERs. As of
December 31, 2009, no phantom unit awards, UARs or associated DERs have been
granted under the EPCO plans to the named executive officers. No
awards with respect to our common units have been granted in connection with
these long-term incentive plans. 
 
 As additional long-term incentive
arrangements, EPCO granted its key employees who perform services on behalf of
us, EPCO and other affiliated companies ";profits interests"; in the Employee
Partnerships, which are privately held affiliates of EPCO. The
employees were issued Class B limited partner interests and admitted as Class B
limited partners in the Employee Partnerships without any capital
contributions. 
 
 Restricted
unit awards . Restricted unit awards allow recipients to acquire common
units of Enterprise Products Partners (at no cost to the recipient) once a
defined vesting period expires, subject to customary forfeiture
provisions. For awards granted prior to 2010, the restrictions on
such awards generally lapse four years from the date of
grant. Beginning in 2010, new restricted unit grants will vest at a
rate of 25% per year beginning one year after the grant date. The
fair value of restricted units is based on the market price per unit of the
underlying security on the date of grant. Compensation expense is
recognized based on the grant date fair value, net of an allowance for estimated
forfeitures. Each recipient is also entitled to cash distributions
equal to the product of the number of restricted units outstanding for the
participant and the cash distribution per unit paid by the respective
issuer. 
 
 Unit
option awards . Under the EPCO plans, non-qualified incentive options to
purchase a fixed number of common units of Enterprise Products Partners may be
granted to key employees of EPCO. When issued, the exercise price of
each option grant is equivalent to the market price of the underlying equity on
the date of grant. In general, options granted under the EPCO plans
have a vesting period of four years and remain exercisable for five to ten
years, as applicable, from the date of grant. 
 
 The fair value of each unit option is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model,
which incorporates various assumptions including expected life of the options,
risk-free interest rates, expected distribution yield on our common units, and
expected unit price volatility of our common units. In general, our
assumption of expected life of the options represents the period of time that
the options are expected to be outstanding based on an analysis of historical
option activity. Our selection of the risk-free interest rate is
based on published yields for U.S. government securities with comparable
terms. The expected distribution yield and unit price volatility is
estimated based on several factors, which include an analysis of our historical
unit price volatility and distribution yield over a period equal to the expected
life of the option. 
 
 Profits
interests awards . Profits interest awards entitle each holder to
participate in the expected long-term appreciation in value of the equity
securities owned by each Employee Partnership. The Employee
Partnerships in which the named executive officers participate own either units
of Enterprise GP Holdings or Enterprise Products Partners or a combination of
both. 
 
 Each Employee Partnership has a single
Class A limited partner, which is a privately held indirect subsidiary of EPCO,
and a varying number of Class B limited partners. At formation, the
Class A limited partner either contributes cash or limited partner units it owns
to the Employee Partnership. If cash is contributed, the Employee
Partnership uses these funds to acquire limited partner units on the open
market. In general, the Class A limited partner earns a preferred
return (either fixed or variable depending on the 

 121 

 Table of Contents 

 partnership
agreement) on its investment (";Capital Base";) in the Employee Partnership and
residual quarterly cash amounts, if any, are distributed to the Class B limited
partners. Upon liquidation, Employee Partnership assets having a fair
market value equal to the Class A limited partner';s Capital Base, plus any
preferred return for the period in which liquidation occurs, will be distributed
to the Class A limited partner. Any remaining assets will be
distributed to the Class B limited partner(s) as a residual profits
interest. 
 
 The estimated grant date fair values of
the profits interests awards were determined using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model and reflect adjustments for forfeitures, regrants and other
modifications. The profits interests awards are subject to
forfeiture. 
 
 The following table presents each named
executive officer';s share of the total profits interest in the Employee
Partnerships at December 31, 2009: 

 Percentage
 Ownership of Class B Interests 

 EPE 

 EPE 

 Enterprise 

 EPCO 

 Named
 Executive Officer 

 Unit
 I 

 Unit
 III 

 Unit 

 Unit 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 9.3 
 % 

 8.9 
 % 

 18.5 
 % 

 20.0 
 % 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 6.2 
 % 

 8.9 
 % 

 8.2 
 % 

 20.0 
 % 

 A.
 James Teague 

 6.2 
 % 

 7.4 
 % 

 10.3 
 % 

 20.0 
 % 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 9.3 
 % 

 8.9 
 % 

 10.3 
 % 

 20.0 
 % 

 William
 Ordemann 

 3.1 
 % 

 5.2 
 % 

 8.2 
 % 

 -- 

 Equity
Awards Outstanding at December 31, 2009 
 
 The following information summarizes
each named executive officer';s long-term incentive awards outstanding at
December 31, 2009. We expect to be allocated our pro rata share of
the expense associated with such awards under the ASA. As a result,
the gross amounts listed in the tables do not represent the amount of expense we
expect to recognize in connection with these awards. 

 122 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table presents information concerning each named executive officer';s
restricted unit and options awards outstanding at December 31,
2009. The referenced units in the table below are common units of
Enterprise Products Partners. 

 Option
 Awards 

 Unit
 Awards 

 Number
 of 

 Number
 of 

 Market 

 Units 

 Units 

 Number 

 Value 

 Underlying 

 Underlying 

 Option 

 of
 Units 

 of
 Units 

 Options 

 Options 

 Exercise 

 Option 

 That
 Have 

 That
 Have 

 Vesting 

 Exercisable 

 Unexercisable 

 Price 

 Expiration 

 Not
 Vested 

 Not
 Vested 

 Name 

 Date 

 (#) 

 (#) 

 ($/Unit) 

 Date 

 (#) (2) 

 ($) (3) 

 Restricted
 unit awards: 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 Various
 (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 129,100 

 $ 
 4,055,031 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 Various
 (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 91,100 

 2,861,451 

 A. James Teague 

 Various
 (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 104,000 

 3,266,640 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 Various
 (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 104,000 

 3,266,640 

 William
 Ordemann 

 Various
 (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 86,100 

 2,704,401 

 Unit
 option awards: 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO): 

 August
 4, 2005 option grant 

 8/04/09 

 35,000 

 -- 

 26.47 

 8/04/15 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 1, 2006 option grant 

 5/01/10 

 -- 

 40,000 

 24.85 

 5/01/16 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 29, 2007 option grant 

 5/29/11 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.96 

 12/31/12 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 22, 2008 option grant 

 5/22/12 

 -- 

 90,000 

 30.93 

 12/31/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 February
 19, 2009 option grant 

 2/19/13 

 -- 

 75,000 

 22.06 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 6, 2009 option grant 

 5/06/13 

 -- 

 90,000 

 24.92 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO): 

 August
 4, 2005 option grant 

 8/04/09 

 25,000 

 -- 

 26.47 

 8/04/15 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 1, 2006 option grant 

 5/01/10 

 -- 

 40,000 

 24.85 

 5/01/16 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 29, 2007 option grant 

 5/29/11 

 -- 

 45,000 

 30.96 

 12/31/12 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 22, 2008 option grant 

 5/22/12 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.93 

 12/31/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 February
 19, 2009 option grant 

 2/19/13 

 -- 

 52,500 

 22.06 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 6, 2009 option grant 

 5/06/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 24.92 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 A.
 James Teague: 

 August
 4, 2005 option grant 

 8/04/09 

 35,000 

 -- 

 26.47 

 8/04/15 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 1, 2006 option grant 

 5/01/10 

 -- 

 40,000 

 24.85 

 5/01/16 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 29, 2007 option grant 

 5/29/11 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.96 

 12/31/12 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 22, 2008 option grant 

 5/22/12 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.93 

 12/31/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 February
 19, 2009 option grant 

 2/19/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 22.06 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 6, 2009 option grant 

 5/06/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 24.92 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann: 

 August
 4, 2005 option grant 

 8/04/09 

 35,000 

 -- 

 26.47 

 8/04/15 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 1, 2006 option grant 

 5/01/10 

 -- 

 40,000 

 24.85 

 5/01/16 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 29, 2007 option grant 

 5/29/11 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.96 

 12/31/12 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 22, 2008 option grant 

 5/22/12 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.93 

 12/31/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 February
 19, 2009 option grant 

 2/19/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 22.06 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 6, 2009 option grant 

 5/06/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 24.92 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 William
 Ordemann: 

 May
 10, 2004 option grant 

 5/10/08 

 25,000 

 -- 

 20.00 

 5/10/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 August
 4, 2005 option grant 

 8/04/09 

 25,000 

 -- 

 26.47 

 8/04/15 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 1, 2006 option grant 

 5/01/10 

 -- 

 30,000 

 24.85 

 5/01/16 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 29, 2007 option grant 

 5/29/11 

 -- 

 30,000 

 30.96 

 12/31/12 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 22, 2008 option grant 

 5/22/12 

 -- 

 60,000 

 30.93 

 12/31/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 February
 19, 2009 option grant 

 2/19/13 

 -- 

 45,000 

 22.06 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 May
 6, 2009 option grant 

 5/06/13 

 -- 

 60,000 

 24.92 

 12/31/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1)
 Of
 the 514,300 restricted unit awards presented in the table, 55,200 vest in
 2010, 117,300 vest in 2011, 152,400 vest in 2012 and 189,400 vest in
 2013. 
 (2)
 Amounts
 represent the total number of restricted unit awards granted to each named
 executive officer. 
 (3)
 Amounts
 derived by multiplying the total number of restricted unit awards
 outstanding for each named executive officer by the closing price of our
 common units at December 31, 2009 of $31.41 per unit. 

 123 

 Table of Contents 

 The
following table presents information concerning each named executive officer';s
nonvested profits interest awards at December 31, 2009: 

 Option
 Awards 

 Unit
 Awards 

 Number
 of 

 Market 

 Units 

 Number 

 Value 

 Underlying 

 Option 

 of
 Units 

 of
 Units 

 Options 

 Exercise 

 Option 

 That
 Have 

 That
 Have 

 Vesting 

 Unexercisable 

 Price 

 Expiration 

 Not
 Vested 

 Not
 Vested 

 Name 

 Date (1) 

 (#) 

 ($/Unit) 

 Date 

 (#) 

 ($) 

 EPE
 Unit I: 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 8/23/10 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 $1,651,767 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 8/23/10 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,109,396 

 A.
 James Teague 

 8/23/10 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,109,396 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 8/23/10 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,651,767 

 William
 Ordemann 

 8/23/10 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 554,698 

 Enterprise
 Unit: 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 2/20/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,178,753 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 2/20/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 523,890 

 A.
 James Teague 

 2/20/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 654,863 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 2/20/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 654,863 

 William
 Ordemann 

 2/20/14 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 523,890 

 EPCO
 Unit: 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 11/13/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 47,506 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 11/13/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 47,506 

 A.
 James Teague 

 11/13/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 47,506 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 11/13/13 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 47,506 

 (1)
 In December 2009, the partnership agreements of each Employee
 Partnership were amended to provide that the expected liquidation date for
 each Employee Partnership be extended to February 2016. The
 extensions of the expected liquidation dates are intended to align the
 interests of the employee partners of each Employee Partnership with the
 long-term interests of EPCO and other unitholders by providing an
 incentive to such employees to devote themselves to maximizing the value
 of the underlying publicly traded partnerships over an extended period of
 time. 

 The profits interest awards of the
remaining Employee Partnerships had no market (or assumed liquidation) value at
December 31, 2009 due to a decrease in the market value of the limited partner
interests owned by each Employee Partnership since formation. 
 
 Option
Exercises and Units Vested 
 
 The following table presents the
exercise of unit options by and vesting of restricted units (in each
case, including common units of Enterprise Products Partners, not
Duncan Energy Partners) to our named executive officers during the year ended
December 31, 2009 for which we were historically responsible for a share of the
related expense of such awards. 

 Option
 Awards 

 Unit
 Awards 

 Number
 of 

 Gross 

 Number
 of 

 Gross 

 Units 

 Value 

 Units 

 Value 

 Acquired
 on 

 Realized
 on 

 Acquired
 on 

 Realized
 on 

 Exercise 

 Exercise 

 Vesting 

 Vesting 

 Name 

 (#) 

 ($) (1) 

 (#) 

 ($)
 (2) 

 Michael
 A. Creel (CEO) 

 35,000 

 $330,400 

 10,000 

 $280,500 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (CFO) 

 10,000 

 93,200 

 6,000 

 168,300 

 A.
 James Teague 

 35,000 

 326,200 

 10,000 

 280,500 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 35,000 

 330,400 

 10,000 

 280,500 

 William
 Ordemann 

 -- 

 -- 

 16,000 

 451,900 

 (1)
 Amount
 determined by multiplying the number of units acquired on exercise of the
 options by the difference between the closing price of Enterprise Products
 Partners'; common units on the date of exercise less the exercise
 price. 
 (2)
 Amount
 determined by multiplying the number of restricted unit awards that vested
 during 2009 by the closing price of Enterprise Products Partners'; common
 units on the date of vesting. 

 124 

 Table of Contents 

 Compensation
Committee Report 
 
 We do not have a separate compensation
committee. In addition, we do not directly employ or compensate our named
executive officers. Rather, under the ASA, we reimburse EPCO for the
compensation of our executive officers. Accordingly, to the extent
that decisions are made regarding the compensation policies pursuant to which
our named executive officers are compensated, they are made by Mr. Duncan and
EPCO alone (except for equity awards, as previously noted), and not by our
Board. 
 
 In light of the foregoing, the Board
has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis set forth above and determined that it be included in this annual
report for the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Submitted
 by: 
 Dan L.
 Duncan 

 Michael A.
 Creel 

 E. William
 Barnett 

 Charles M.
 Rampacek 

 Rex C.
 Ross 

 Richard H.
 Bachmann 

 Ralph S.
 Cunningham 

 W. Randall
 Fowler 

 A. James
 Teague 

 Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary set forth in any previous filings under the Securities Act, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, as amended, that incorporate future filings, including this
annual report, in whole or in part, the foregoing Compensation Committee Report
shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings. 
 
 Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 None of the directors or executive
officers of our general partner served as members of the compensation committee
of another entity that has or had an executive officer who served as a member of
our Board during 2009. As previously noted, we do not have a separate
compensation committee. Mr. Duncan and EPCO alone make compensation
policies (except for equity awards, as previously noted), and not our
Board. 
 
 Director
Compensation 
 
 Neither we nor EPGP provide any
additional compensation to employees of EPCO who serve as directors of
EPGP. The following table presents information regarding compensation
to the independent directors of our general partner, Messrs. Barnett, Ross and
Rampacek, during the year ended December 31, 2009. 

 Fees
 Earned 

 or
 Paid 

 in
 Cash 

 Name 

 ($) 

 E.
 William Barnett 

 $ 90,000 

 Rex
 C. Ross 

 $ 75,000 

 Charles
 M. Rampacek 

 $ 75,000 

 For 2009,
the independent directors were compensated for their services as follows: (i)
each received a $75,000 cash retainer annually and (ii) if the individual served
as chairman of a committee of the Board, then he received an additional $15,000
in cash annually. Effective January 1, 2010, the annual compensation
arrangements for our independent directors changed to the
following: 

 &#167; 

 Each
 independent director will receive $75,000 in cash
 annually; 

 125 

 Table of Contents 

 &#167; 

 If
 the individual serves as chairman of a committee of the Board of
 Directors, then he will receive an additional $15,000 in cash
 annually; 

 &#167; 

 Each
 independent director will receive a meeting fee of $1,500 in cash for each
 meeting of the Board attended. In addition, each independent
 director will receive a meeting fee of $1,500 in cash for each meeting of
 a duly appointed committee of the Board attended, provided that he is duly
 elected or appointed to the committee;
and 

 &#167; 

 Each
 independent director shall receive an annual grant of our common units
 having a fair market value, based on the closing price of our common units
 on the trading day immediately preceding the date of grant, of
 $75,000. 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management 
 and Related Unitholder
Matters . 
 
 Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 
 The
following table sets forth certain information as of February 1, 2010, regarding
each person known by our general partner to beneficially own more than 5% of our
common units: 

 Amount
 and 

 Nature
 of 

 Title
 of 

 Name
 and Address 

 Beneficial 

 Percent 

 Class 

 of
 Beneficial Owner 

 Ownership 

 of
 Class 

 Common
 units 

 Dan
 L. Duncan 

 186,843,182
 (1) 

 30.8% 

 1100
 Louisiana Street, 10 th 
 Floor 

 Houston,
 Texas 77002 

 Class
 B units 

 Dan
 L. Duncan 

 4,520,431 

 100% 

 1100
 Louisiana Street, 10 th 
 Floor 

 Houston,
 Texas 77002 

 (1)
 For
 a detailed listing of ownership amounts that comprise Mr. Duncan';s total
 beneficial ownership of our common units, see the table presented in the
 following section, ";Security Ownership of Management,"; within this Item
 12. 

 Security
Ownership of Management 
 
 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. and Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. 
 
 The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common units and the units of Enterprise GP Holdings as of
February 1, 2010 by (i) our named executive officers; (ii) the current directors
of EPGP; and (iii) the current directors and executive officers of EPGP as a
group. Enterprise GP Holdings owns 100% of the membership interests
of our general partner, EPGP. 
 
 All information with respect to
beneficial ownership has been furnished by the respective directors or
officers. Each person has sole voting and dispositive power over the
securities shown unless otherwise indicated below. The beneficial
ownership amounts of certain individuals include options to acquire our common
units that are exercisable within 60 days of the filing date of this annual
report. 
 
 Mr.
Duncan owns 50.4% of the voting stock of EPCO and, accordingly, exercises sole
voting and dispositive power with respect to our common units beneficially owned
by EPCO and its affiliates. The remaining shares of EPCO capital
stock are owned primarily by trusts for the benefit of members of Mr. Duncan';s
family. The address of EPCO is 1100 Louisiana Street, 10 th 
Floor, Houston, Texas 77002. 

 126 

 Table of Contents 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P. Common Units 

 Enterprise
 GP Holdings L.P. 
 Units 

 Amount
 and 

 Amount
 and 

 Nature
 of 

 Nature
 of 

 Name
 of 

 Beneficial 

 Percent
 of 

 Beneficial 

 Percent
 of 

 Beneficial
 Owner 

 Ownership 

 Class 

 Ownership 

 Class 

 Dan
 L. Duncan: 

 Units
 owned by EPCO: 

 Through
 DFI Delaware Holdings, L.P. 

 130,506,142 

 21.5 
 % 

 -- 

 -- 

 Through
 Duncan Family Interests, Inc. 

 6,775,839 

 1.1 
 % 

 71,860,405 

 51.6 
 % 

 Through
 DFI GP Holdings L.P. 

 3,100,000 

 * 

 25,162,804 

 18.1 
 % 

 Through
 Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. 

 21,167,783 

 3.5 
 % 

 -- 

 -- 

 Through
 EPCO Holdings, Inc. 

 6,182,354 

 1.0 
 % 

 75,865 

 * 

 Units
 owned by DD Securities LLC 

 1,392,686 

 * 

 3,745,673 

 2.7 
 % 

 Units
 owned by Employee Partnerships (1) 

 1,623,654 

 * 

 7,165,315 

 5.1 
 % 

 Units
 owned by family trusts (2) 

 14,624,718 

 2.4 
 % 

 243,071 

 * 

 Units
 owned personally 

 1,470,006 

 * 

 250,000 

 * 

 Total
 for Dan L. Duncan 

 186,843,182 

 30.8 
 % 

 108,503,133 

 78.0 
 % 

 Michael
 A. Creel (3,4) 

 248,868 

 * 

 35,000 

 * 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (3,5) 

 153,674 

 * 

 3,000 

 * 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann (3,6) 

 233,238 

 * 

 18,969 

 * 

 A.
 James Teague (3,7) 

 295,228 

 * 

 17,000 

 * 

 William
 Ordemann (3) 

 117,119 

 * 

 3,120 

 * 

 Dr.
 Ralph S. Cunningham 

 104,739 

 * 

 4,000 

 * 

 E.
 William Barnett 

 2,154 

 * 

 9,000 

 * 

 Rex
 C. Ross 

 48,625 

 * 

 6,048 

 * 

 Charles
 M. Rampacek 

 9,615 

 * 

 -- 

 -- 

 All
 current directors and executive officers of EPGP, as a 

 group
 (16 individuals in total) (8) 

 188,497,607 

 31.1 
 % 

 108,631,570 

 78.0 
 % 

 *
 The beneficial ownership of each individual is less than 1% of the
 registrant';s common units outstanding. 

 (1)
 As
 a result of EPCO';s ownership of the general partners of the Employee
 Partnerships, Mr. Duncan is deemed beneficial owner of the limited partner
 interests held by these entities. 
 (2)
 Mr.
 Duncan is deemed beneficial owner of the limited partner interests held by
 certain family trusts, the beneficiaries of which are shareholders of
 EPCO. 
 (3)
 These
 individuals are named executive officers for 2009. 
 (4)
 The
 number of Enterprise Products Partners'; common units presented for Mr.
 Creel includes 35,000 common unit options that are exercisable within 60
 days of the filing date of this report. 
 (5)
 The
 number of Enterprise Products Partners'; common units presented for Mr.
 Fowler includes 25,000 common unit options that are exercisable within 60
 days of the filing date of this report. 
 (6)
 The
 number of Enterprise Products Partners'; common units presented for Mr.
 Bachmann includes 35,000 common unit options that are exercisable within
 60 days of the filing date of this report. 
 (7)
 The
 number of Enterprise Products Partners'; common units presented for Mr.
 Teague includes 35,000 common unit options that are exercisable within 60
 days of the filing date of this report. 
 (8)
 Cumulatively,
 this group';s beneficial ownership amount includes 220,000 options to
 acquire our common units that were issued under the 1998 Plan. These
 options vested in prior periods and remain exercisable within 60 days of
 the filing date of this annual report. 

 Essentially
all of the ownership interests in us and Enterprise GP Holdings that are owned
or controlled by EPCO are pledged as security under the credit facility of an
EPCO affiliate. This credit facility contains customary and other
events of default relating to EPCO and certain of its affiliates, including
Enterprise GP Holdings and us. In the event of a default under this
credit facility, a change in control of Enterprise GP Holdings or us could
occur, including a change in control of our respective general
partners. 

 127 

 Table of Contents 

 Duncan
Energy Partners L.P. 
 
 The
following table presents the beneficial ownership of common units of Duncan
Energy Partners by our directors, named executive officers and all directors and
officers of our general partner (as a group) at February 1, 2010. As
of February 1, 2010, Enterprise Products Partners owned 100% of the membership
interests of EPO, which directly owns 100% of the membership interests of DEP GP
and indirectly owns 58.6% of Duncan Energy Partners'; common units through a
subsidiary. 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners L.P. Common Units 

 Amount 

 and
 Nature of 

 Name
 of 

 Beneficial 

 Percent
 of 

 Beneficial
 Owner 

 Ownership 

 Class 

 Dan
 L. Duncan: 

 Units
 owned by EPCO Holdings, Inc. 

 99,453 

 * 

 Units
 owned by EPO 

 33,783,587 

 58.6 
 % 

 Units
 owned by DD Securities LLC 

 103,100 

 * 

 Units
 owned personally 

 382,500 

 * 

 Total
 for Dan L. Duncan 

 34,368,640 

 59.6 
 % 

 Michael
 A. Creel (1) 

 7,500 

 * 

 W.
 Randall Fowler (1,2) 

 2,000 

 * 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann (1,3) 

 14,172 

 * 

 A.
 James Teague (1) 

 6,000 

 * 

 William
 Ordemann (1) 

 3,810 

 * 

 Dr.
 Ralph S. Cunningham 

 3,000 

 * 

 All
 current directors and executive officers of EPGP, 

 as
 a group (16 individuals in total) 

 34,435,712 

 59.7 
 % 

 *
 The beneficial ownership of each individual is less than 1% of the
 registrant';s units outstanding. 

 (1) These
 individuals are named executive officers for 2009. 
 (2) Mr.
 Fowler is the CFO of Duncan Energy Partners. 
 (3) Mr.
 Bachmann is the CEO of Duncan Energy Partners. 

 Equity
Ownership Guidelines 
 
 On
December 31, 2009, the ACG Committee recommended to the Board, and effective on
January 1, 2010, the Board adopted and approved, new equity ownership guidelines
for our general partner';s directors and executive officers in order to further
align their interests and actions with the interests of our general partner, us
and our unitholders. Under the new guidelines: 

 &#167; 

 each
 non-management director of our general partner is required to own our
 common units having an aggregate value (as defined in the guidelines) of
 three times the dollar amount of such non-management director';s aggregate
 annual cash retainer for service on the Board paid for the most recently
 completed calendar year; and 

 &#167; 

 each
 executive officer of our general partner is required to own our common
 units having an aggregate value (as defined in the guidelines) of three
 times the dollar amount of such executive officer';s aggregate annual base
 salary for the most recently completed calendar year; provided, however,
 that the value of any units representing limited partnership interests in
 Duncan Energy Partners or Enterprise GP Holdings (each of which we refer
 to as an ";Affiliated MLP";), owned by an executive officer of our general
 partner who is also an executive officer of the general partner of such
 Affiliated MLP, shall be counted toward the equity ownership requirements
 set forth above. 

 128 

 Table of Contents 

 Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table sets forth certain
information as of December 31, 2009 regarding the long-term incentive plans of
EPCO under which our common units are authorized for issuance. For
additional information regarding our equity-based compensation, see Note 5 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this
annual report. 

 Number
 of 

 Units 

 Remaining 

 Available
 For 

 Number
 of 

 Future
 Issuance 

 Units
 to 

 Weighted- 

 Under
 Equity 

 Be
 Issued 

 Average 

 Compensation 

 Upon
 Exercise 

 Exercise
 Price 

 Plans
 (excluding 

 of
 Outstanding 

 of
 Outstanding 

 securities 

 Common
 Unit 

 Common
 Unit 

 reflected
 in 

 Plan
 Category 

 Options 

 Options 

 column
 (a) 

 (a) 

 (b) 

 (c) 

 Equity
 compensation plans approved by unitholders: 

 1998
 Plan (1) 

 1,572,500 

 $ 
 27.30 

 652,543 

 2006
 Plan (2) 

 118,420 

 $ 
 26.11 

 n/a 

 2008
 Plan (3) 

 2,135,000 

 $ 
 25.97 

 7,865,000 

 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by unitholders: 

 None 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Total
 for equity compensation plans 

 3,825,920 

 $ 
 26.52 

 8,517,543 

 (1)
 Of
 the 1,572,500 unit options outstanding at December 31, 2009, 447,500 were
 immediately exercisable, an additional 410,000, 685,000 and 30,000 options
 are exercisable in 2010, 2012 and 2013, respectively. 
 (2)
 No
 additional awards are expected to be issued under the 2006
 Plan. 
 (3)
 Of
 the 2,135,000 unit options outstanding at December 31, 2009, 705,000 are
 exercisable in 2013 and 1,430,000 are exercisable in 2014. 

 The 1998 Plan provides for awards of
our common units and other rights to our non-employee directors and to employees
of EPCO and its affiliates providing services to us. Awards under the
1998 Plan may be granted in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom
units, UARs and DERs. Up to 7,000,000 of our common units may be
issued as awards under the 1998 Plan. 
 
 The 2006
Plan currently provides for awards of our common units (formerly of TEPPCO
units) and other rights to our non-employee directors and to employees of EPCO
and its affiliates providing services to us. Awards under the 2006
Plan may be granted in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom
units, UARs and DERs. Effective upon the consummation of the TEPPCO
Merger, we assumed the vested and unvested options, restricted units and UAR
awards outstanding on October 26, 2009 under the 2006 Plan and converted them
into our options, restricted units and UAR awards based on the TEPPCO Merger
exchange ratio. The vesting terms of each award and other provisions
of the plan remain unchanged. We do not expect to issue additional
awards under the 2006 Plan in the future. 
 
 The 2008
Plan provides for awards of our common units and other rights to our
non-employee directors and to consultants and employees of EPCO and its
affiliates providing services to us. Awards under the 2008 Plan may
be granted in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom units, UARs
and DERs. Up to 10,000,000 of our common units may be issued as
awards under the 2008 Plan. 

 129 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence . 
 
 Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
 We believe that the terms and
provisions of our related party agreements are fair to us; however, such
agreements and transactions may not be as favorable to us as we could have
obtained from unaffiliated third parties. Additional information
regarding our related party transactions is set forth in Note 15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual report
and incorporated by reference into this Item 13. 
 
 Review
and Approval of Transactions with Related Parties 
 
 We
generally consider transactions between us and our subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and our executive officers and directors (or their immediate family
members), our general partner or its affiliates (including companies owned or
controlled by Mr. Duncan such as EPCO), on the other hand, to be related party
transactions. As further described below, our partnership agreement
sets forth procedures by which related party transactions and conflicts of
interest may be approved or resolved by the general partner or the ACG
Committee. In addition, our ACG Committee Charter, our general
partner';s written internal review and approval policies and procedures, or
";management authorization policy,"; and the amended and restated ASA with EPCO
govern specified related party transactions, as further described
below. 
 
 The ACG
Committee Charter provides that the ACG Committee is established to review and
approve related party transactions: 

 &#167; 

 for
 which Board approval is required by our management authorization policy,
 as such policy may be amended from time to
time; 

 &#167; 

 where
 an officer or director of the general partner or any of our subsidiaries
 is a party, without regard to the size of the
 transaction; 

 &#167; 

 when
 requested to do so by management or the Board;
 or 

 &#167; 

 pursuant
 to our partnership agreement or the limited liability company agreement of
 the general partner, as such agreements may be amended from time to
 time. 

 As
discussed in more detail in ";Partnership Management,"; ";Corporate Governance"; and
";ACG Committee"; within Item 10 of this annual report, the ACG Committee is
comprised of three directors: Rex C. Ross, Charles M. Rampacek and E. William
Barnett. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the ACG Committee
reviewed and approved each of the following related party
transactions: 

 &#167; 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners'; June 2009 repurchase from EPO of 8,943,400 Duncan Energy
 Partners common units in connection with the transactions described in
 ";Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8211; Registration Statements"; included under
 Item 7 of this annual report; 

 &#167; 

 the
 TEPPCO Merger; and 

 &#167; 

 our
 September 2009 issuance and sale of 5,940,594 of our common units in a
 private placement to EPCO Holdings, Inc., a privately held affiliate
 controlled by Dan L. Duncan, for $150.0 million (as more fully described
 in ";Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities"; included under Item 5 of this
 annual report). 

 130 

 Table of Contents 

 Our
management authorization policy currently requires board approval for the
following types of transactions to the extent such transactions have a value in
excess of $100.0 million (thus triggering ACG Committee review under our ACG
Committee Charter if such transaction is also a related party
transaction): 

 &#167; 

 asset
 purchase or sale transactions; 

 &#167; 

 capital
 expenditures; and 

 &#167; 

 purchase
 orders and operating and administrative expenses not governed by the
 ASA. 

 The ASA
governs numerous day-to-day transactions between us and our subsidiaries, our
general partner and EPCO and its affiliates, including the provision by EPCO of
administrative and other services to us and our subsidiaries and our
reimbursement of costs, without markup or discount, for those
services. The ACG Committee reviewed and recommended the
ASA, and the Board approved it upon receiving such
recommendation. For a summary of the ASA, see Note 15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this annual
report. 
 
 Related
party transactions that do not occur under the ASA and that are not reviewed by
the ACG Committee, as described above, are subject to the management
authorization policy. This policy, which applies to related party
transactions as well as transactions with unrelated parties, specifies
thresholds for our general partner';s officers and chairman of the Board to
authorize various categories of transactions, including purchases and sales of
assets, expenditures, commercial and financial transactions and legal
agreements. 
 
 Business
Opportunity Agreements 

 The ASA
also addresses potential conflicts that may arise among Enterprise Products
Partners (including EPGP), Enterprise GP Holdings (including EPE Holdings),
Duncan Energy Partners (including DEP GP), and the EPCO Group with respect to
business opportunities with third parties. The EPCO Group includes
EPCO and its other affiliates, but excludes Enterprise Products Partners,
Enterprise GP Holdings, Duncan Energy Partners and their respective general
partners. With respect to potential conflicts regarding third-party
business opportunities, the ASA provides, among other things, that: 

 &#167; 

 If
 a business opportunity to acquire ";equity securities"; (as defined
 below) is
 presented to the EPCO Group, or to Enterprise Products Partners (including
 EPGP), Enterprise GP Holdings (including EPE Holdings), or Duncan Energy
 Partners (including DEP GP), then Enterprise GP Holdings will have the
 first right to pursue such opportunity. The term ";equity
 securities"; is defined to
include: 

 &#167; 

 general
 partner interests (or securities which have characteristics similar to
 general partner interests) or interests in ";persons"; that own or control
 such general partner or similar interests (collectively, ";GP Interests";)
 and securities convertible, exercisable, exchangeable or otherwise
 representing ownership or control of such GP Interests;
 and 

 &#167; 

 incentive
 distribution rights (";IDRs";) and limited partner interests (or securities
 which have characteristics similar to IDRs or limited partner interests)
 in publicly traded partnerships or interests in ";persons"; that own or
 control such limited partner or similar interests (collectively, ";non-GP
 Interests";); provided that such non-GP Interests are associated with GP
 Interests and are owned by the owners of GP Interests or their respective
 affiliates. 

 Enterprise
GP Holdings will be presumed to want to acquire the equity securities until such
time as EPE Holdings advises the EPCO Group, EPGP and DEP GP that it has
abandoned the pursuit of such business opportunity. In the event that
the purchase price of the equity securities is reasonably likely to equal or
exceed $100.0 million, the decision to decline the acquisition will be made
by the CEO of EPE Holdings after consultation with and subject to the approval
of the ACG 

 131 

 Table of Contents 

 Committee
of EPE Holdings. If the purchase price is reasonably likely to be
less than $100.0 million, the CEO of EPE Holdings may make the determination to
decline the acquisition without consulting the ACG Committee of EPE
Holdings. 
 
 In the
event that Enterprise GP Holdings abandons the acquisition and so notifies the
EPCO Group, and EPGP and DEP GP, then Enterprise Products Partners will have the
second right to pursue such acquisition. Enterprise Products Partners
will be presumed to want to acquire the equity securities until such time as
EPGP advises the EPCO Group and DEP GP that Enterprise Products Partners has
abandoned the pursuit of such acquisition. In determining whether or
not to pursue the acquisition, Enterprise Products Partners will follow the same
procedures applicable to Enterprise GP Holdings, as described above but
utilizing EPGP';s CEO and ACG Committee. 
 
 In its
sole discretion, Enterprise Products Partners may affirmatively direct such
acquisition opportunity to Duncan Energy Partners. In the event this
occurs, Duncan Energy Partners may pursue such acquisition. 

 &#167; 

 If
 any business opportunity not covered by the preceding bullet point (i.e.,
 not involving equity securities) is presented to the EPCO Group, or to
 Enterprise Products Partners (including EPGP), Enterprise GP Holdings
 (including EPE Holdings), or Duncan Energy Partners (including DEP GP),
 Enterprise Products Partners will have the first right to pursue such
 opportunity either for itself or, if desired by Enterprise Products
 Partners in its sole discretion, for the benefit of Duncan Energy
 Partners. It will be presumed that Enterprise Products Partners
 will pursue the business opportunity until such time as its general
 partner advises the EPCO Group, EPE Holdings and DEP GP that it has
 abandoned the pursuit of such business
 opportunity. 

 In the
event the purchase price or cost associated with the business opportunity is
reasonably likely to equal or exceed $100.0 million, any decision to
decline the business opportunity will be made by the CEO of EPGP after
consultation with and subject to the approval of the ACG Committee of
EPGP. If the purchase price or cost is reasonably likely to be less
than $100.0 million, the CEO of EPGP may make the determination to decline the
business opportunity without consulting EPGP';s ACG Committee. 
 
 In its
sole discretion, Enterprise Products Partners may affirmatively direct such
acquisition opportunity to Duncan Energy Partners. In the event this
occurs, Duncan Energy Partners may pursue such acquisition. 
 
 In the
event that Enterprise Products Partners abandons the business opportunity for
itself and Duncan Energy Partners and so notifies the EPCO Group, EPE Holdings
and DEP GP, Enterprise GP Holdings will have the second right to pursue such
business opportunity. It will be presumed that Enterprise GP Holdings
will pursue such acquisition until such time as its general partner declines
such opportunity (in accordance with the procedures described above for
Enterprise Products Partners) and advises the EPCO Group that it has abandoned
the pursuit of such business opportunity. 

 Partnership
Agreement Standards for ACG Committee Review 
 
 Under our partnership agreement,
whenever a potential conflict of interest exists or arises between our general
partner or any of its affiliates and us, any of our subsidiaries or any partner,
any resolution or course of action by our general partner or its affiliates in
respect to such conflict of interest is permitted and deemed approved by all of
our partners, and will not constitute a breach of our partnership agreement or
any agreement contemplated by such agreement, or of any duty stated or implied
by law or equity, if the resolution or course of action is or, by operation of
the partnership agreement is deemed to be, fair and reasonable to us; provided
that, any conflict of interest and any resolution of such conflict of interest
will be conclusively deemed fair and reasonable to us if such conflict of
interest or resolution is (i) approved by a majority of the members of our
general partner';s ACG Committee (";Special Approval";) or (ii) on
terms 

 132 

 Table of Contents 

 objectively
demonstrable to be no less favorable to us than those generally being provided
to or available from unrelated third parties. 
 
 The ACG Committee (in connection with
Special Approval) is authorized in connection with its resolution of any
conflict of interest to consider: 

 &#167; 

 the
 relative interests of any party to such conflict, agreement, transaction
 or situation and the benefits and burdens relating to such
 interest; 

 &#167; 

 the
 totality of the relationships between the parties involved (including
 other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to
 us); 

 &#167; 

 any
 customary or accepted industry practices and any customary or historical
 dealings with a particular person; 

 &#167; 

 any
 applicable generally accepted accounting or engineering practices or
 principles; 

 &#167; 

 the
 relative cost of capital of the parties and the consequent rates of return
 to the equity holders of the parties;
and 

 &#167; 

 such
 additional factors as the committee determines in its sole discretion to
 be relevant, reasonable or appropriate under the
 circumstances. 

 The
review and approval process of the ACG Committee, including factual matters that
may be considered in determining whether a transaction is fair and reasonable,
is generally governed by Section 7.9 of our partnership agreement. As
discussed above, the ACG Committee';s Special Approval is conclusively deemed
fair and reasonable to us under the partnership agreement. 
 
 The
review and work performed by the ACG Committee with respect to a transaction
varies depending upon the nature of the transaction and the scope of the ACG
Committee';s charge. Examples of functions the ACG Committee may, as
it deems appropriate, perform in the course of reviewing a transaction include
(but are not limited to): 

 &#167; 

 assessing
 the business rationale for the
transaction; 

 &#167; 

 reviewing
 the terms and conditions of the proposed transaction, including
 consideration and financing requirements, if
 any; 

 &#167; 

 assessing
 the effect of the transaction on our earnings and distributable cash flow
 per unit, and on our results of operations, financial condition,
 properties or prospects; 

 &#167; 

 conducting
 due diligence, including by interviews and discussions with management and
 other representatives and by reviewing transaction materials and findings
 of management and other
representatives; 

 &#167; 

 considering
 the relative advantages and disadvantages of the transactions to the
 parties; 

 &#167; 

 engaging
 third-party financial advisors to provide financial advice and assistance,
 including by providing fairness opinions if
 requested; 

 &#167; 

 engaging
 legal advisors; and 

 &#167; 

 evaluating
 and negotiating the transaction and recommending for approval or approving
 the transaction, as the case may
be. 

 133 

 Table of Contents 

 Nothing
contained in the partnership agreement requires the ACG Committee to consider
the interests of any person other than the partnership. In the
absence of bad faith by the ACG Committee or our general partner, the
resolution, action or terms so made, taken or provided (including granting
Special Approval) by the ACG Committee or our general partner with respect to
such matter are conclusive and binding on all persons (including all of our
partners) and do not constitute a breach of the partnership agreement, or any
other agreement contemplated thereby, or a breach of any standard of care or
duty imposed in the partnership agreement or under the Delaware Revised Uniform
Limited Partnership Act or any other law, rule or regulation. The
partnership agreement provides that it is presumed that the resolution, action
or terms made, taken or provided by the ACG Committee or our general partner
were not made, taken or provided in bad faith, and in any proceeding brought by
any limited partner or by or on behalf of such limited partner or any other
limited partner or us challenging such resolution, action or terms, the person
bringing or prosecuting such proceeding will have the burden of overcoming such
presumption. 
 
 Director
Independence 
 
 Messrs.
Barnett, Ross and Rampacek have been determined to be independent under the
applicable NYSE listing standards and are independent under the rules of the SEC
applicable to audit committees. For a discussion of independence
standards applicable to the Board and factors considered by the Board in making
its independence determinations, please refer to ";Corporate Governance"; and ";ACG
Committee"; under Item 10 of this annual report. 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services . 
 
 We have
engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu,
and their respective affiliates (collectively, ";Deloitte & Touche";) as our
independent registered public accounting firm and principal
accountants. The following table summarizes fees we paid Deloitte
& Touche for independent auditing, tax and related services for each of the
last two fiscal years (dollars in millions): 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Audit
 Fees (1) 

 $ 
 5.4 

 $ 
 5.4 

 Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Tax
 Fees (3) 

 -- 

 0.6 

 All
 Other Fees (4) 

 N/A 

 N/A 

 (1)
 Audit
 fees represent amounts billed for each of the years presented for
 professional services rendered in connection with (i) the audit of our
 annual financial statements and internal controls over financial
 reporting, (ii) the review of our quarterly financial statements or (iii)
 those services normally provided in connection with statutory and
 regulatory filings or engagements including comfort letters, consents and
 other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented
 as of the latest practicable date for this annual report. 
 (2)
 Audit-related
 fees represent amounts we were billed in each of the years presented for
 assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the
 performance of the annual audit or quarterly reviews. This category
 primarily includes services relating to internal control assessments and
 accounting-related consulting. 
 (3)
 Tax
 fees represent amounts we were billed in each of the years presented for
 professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax
 advice and tax planning. This category primarily includes services
 relating to the preparation of unitholder annual K-1 statements and
 partnership tax planning. In 2008, PricewaterhouseCoopers
 International Limited was engaged to perform the majority of tax related
 services. 
 (4)
 All
 other fees represent amounts we were billed in each of the years presented
 for services not classifiable under the other categories listed in the
 table above. No such services were rendered by Deloitte & Touche
 during the last two years. 

 The ACG
Committee of our general partner has approved the use of Deloitte & Touche
as our independent principal accountant. In connection with its
oversight responsibilities, the ACG Committee 

 134 

 Table of Contents 

 has
adopted a pre-approval policy regarding any services proposed to be performed by
Deloitte & Touche. The pre-approval policy includes four primary
service categories: Audit, Audit-related, Tax and Other. 
 
 In
general, as services are required, management and Deloitte & Touche submit a
detailed proposal to the ACG Committee discussing the reasons for the request,
the scope of work to be performed, and an estimate of the fee to be charged by
Deloitte & Touche for such work. The ACG Committee discusses the
request with management and Deloitte & Touche, and if the work is deemed
necessary and appropriate for Deloitte & Touche to perform, approves the
request subject to the fee amount presented (the initial ";pre-approved"; fee
amount). As part of these discussions, the ACG Committee must
determine whether or not the proposed services are permitted under the rules and
regulations concerning auditor independence under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
as well as rules of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. If at a later date, it appears that the initial
pre-approved fee amount may be insufficient to complete the work, then
management and Deloitte & Touche must present a request to the ACG Committee
to increase the approved amount and the reasons for the increase. 
 
 Under the
pre-approval policy, management cannot act upon its own to authorize an
expenditure for services outside of the pre-approved amounts. On a
quarterly basis, the ACG Committee is provided a schedule showing Deloitte &
Touche';s pre-approved amounts compared to actual fees billed for each of the
primary service categories. The ACG Committee';s pre-approval process
helps to ensure the independence of our principal accountant from
management. 
 
 In order
for Deloitte & Touche to maintain its independence, we are prohibited from
using them to perform general bookkeeping, management or human resource
functions, and any other service not permitted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board. The ACG Committee';s pre-approval policy also
precludes Deloitte & Touche from performing any of these services for
us. 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules . 

 (a) 

 The
 following documents are filed as a part of this annual
 report: 

 (1) 

 Financial
 Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on
 page F-1 of this annual report for financial statements filed as part of
 this annual report. 

 (2) 

 Financial
 Statement Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because
 they are either not applicable, not required or the information called for
 therein appears in the consolidated financial statements or notes
 thereto. 

 (3) 

 Exhibits. 

 Exhibit
 Number 

 Exhibit* 

 2.1 

 Merger
 Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2003, by and among Enterprise Products
 Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise Products Management
 LLC, GulfTerra Energy Partners, L.P. and GulfTerra Energy Company, L.L.C.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed December 15,
 2003). 

 2.2 

 Amendment
 No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2004, by and among
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise
 Products Management LLC, GulfTerra Energy Partners, L.P. and GulfTerra
 Energy Company, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form
 8-K filed September 7, 2004). 

 2.3 

 Parent
 Company Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2003, by and among Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise Products
 GTM, LLC, El Paso Corporation, Sabine River Investors I, L.L.C., Sabine
 River Investors II, L.L.C., El Paso EPN Investments, L.L.C. and GulfTerra
 GP Holding Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K
 filed December 15, 2003). 

 135 

 Table of Contents 

 2.4 

 Amendment
 No. 1 to Parent Company Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2004, by and
 among Enterprise Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC,
 Enterprise Products GTM, LLC, El Paso Corporation, Sabine River Investors
 I, L.L.C., Sabine River Investors II, L.L.C., El Paso EPN Investments,
 L.L.C. and GulfTerra GP Holding Company (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed April 21, 2004). 

 2.5 

 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement (Gas Plants), dated as of December 15, 2003, by and
 between El Paso Corporation, El Paso Field Services Management, Inc., El
 Paso Transmission, L.L.C., El Paso Field Services Holding Company and
 Enterprise Products Operating L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 2.4 to Form 8-K filed December 15, 2003). 

 2.6 

 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2009, by and among Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise Sub B LLC,
 TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and Texas Eastern Products Pipeline Company, LLC
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed June 29,
 2009). 

 2.7 

 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 28, 2009, by and among Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise Sub A LLC,
 TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and Texas Eastern Products Pipeline Company, LLC
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Form 8-K filed June 29,
 2009). 

 3.1 

 Certificate
 of Limited Partnership of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Form 10-Q filed November 9,
 2007). 

 3.2 

 Fifth
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P., dated August 8, 2005 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed August 10, 2005). 

 3.3 

 Amendment
 No. 1 to Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. dated December 27, 2007
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K/A filed January 3,
 2008). 

 3.4 

 Amendment
 No. 2 to Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. dated April 14, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed April 16,
 2008). 

 3.5 

 Amendment
 No. 3 to Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. dated November 6, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form 10-Q filed November 10,
 2008). 

 3.6 

 Amendment
 No. 4 to Fifth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. dated October 26, 2009 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed October 28,
 2009). 

 3.7 

 Fifth
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Enterprise
 Products GP, LLC, dated November 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2007). 

 3.8 

 First
 Amendment to Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company
 Agreement of Enterprise Products GP, LLC, dated November 6, 2008
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to Form 10-Q filed November 10,
 2008). 

 3.9 

 Company
 Agreement of Enterprise Products Operating LLC dated June 30, 2007
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-Q filed August 8,
 2007). 

 3.10 

 Certificate
 of Incorporation of Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., dated December 3,
 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form S-4 Registration
 Statement, Reg. No. 333-121665, filed December 27,
 2004). 

 3.11 

 Bylaws
 of Enterprise Products OLPGP, Inc., dated December 8, 2003 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to Form S-4 Registration Statement, Reg. No.
 333-121665, filed December 27, 2004). 

 4.1 

 Form
 of Common Unit certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
 Form S-1A Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-52537, filed July 21,
 1998). 

 4.2 

 Indenture,
 dated as of March 15, 2000, among Enterprise Products Operating L.P., as
 Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as Guarantor, and First Union
 National Bank, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
 Form 8-K filed March 10, 2000). 

 4.3 

 First
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2003, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Guarantor, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
 Registration 

 136 

 Table of Contents 

 Statement
 on Form S-4, Reg. No. 333-102776, filed January 28, 2003). 

 4.4 

 Second
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2003, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Guarantor, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-K filed March 31,
 2003). 

 4.5 

 Third
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2007, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Original Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P., as Parent Guarantor, Enterprise Products Operating LLC, as New
 Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 to Form 10-Q filed August 8,
 2007). 

 4.6 

 Indenture,
 dated as of October 4, 2004, among Enterprise Products Operating L.P., as
 Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as Parent Guarantor, and Wells
 Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed October 6, 2004). 

 4.7 

 First
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2004, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed October 6,
 2004). 

 4.8 

 Second
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2004, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed October 6,
 2004). 

 4.9 

 Third
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2004, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed October 6,
 2004). 

 4.10 

 Fourth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2004, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K filed October 6,
 2004). 

 4.11 

 Fifth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 2, 2005, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed March 3,
 2005). 

 4.12 

 Sixth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 2, 2005, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed March 3,
 2005). 

 4.13 

 Seventh
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2005, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 to Form 10-Q filed November 4,
 2005). 

 4.14 

 Eighth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 18, 2006, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed July 19,
 2006). 

 4.15 

 Ninth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 24, 2007, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed
 May 24, 2007). 

 4.16 

 Tenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2007, among Enterprise
 Products Operating L.P., as Original Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P., as Parent Guarantor, Enterprise Products Operating LLC, as New
 Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.54 to Form 10-Q filed August 8,
 2007). 

 4.17 

 Eleventh
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 4, 2007, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form

 137 

 Table of Contents 

 8-K
 filed September 5, 2007). 

 4.18 

 Twelfth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2008, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed April 3,
 2008). 

 4.19 

 Thirteenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 3, 2008, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed April 3,
 2008). 

 4.20 

 Fourteenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 8, 2008, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed December 8,
 2008). 

 4.21 

 Fifteenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2009, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed June 10,
 2009). 

 4.22 

 Sixteenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2009, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed October 5,
 2009). 

 4.23 

 Seventeenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2009, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed October 28,
 2009). 

 4.24 

 Eighteenth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2009, among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, as Issuer, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as
 Parent Guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed October 28,
 2009). 

 4.25 

 Global
 Note representing $350.0 million principal amount of 6.375% Series B
 Senior Notes due 2013 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement on Form S-4, Reg. No. 333-102776,
 filed January 28, 2003). 

 4.26 

 Global
 Note representing $499.2 million principal amount of 6.875% Series B
 Senior Notes due 2033 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10-K filed March 31, 2003). 

 4.27 

 Global
 Notes representing $450.0 million principal amount of 7.50% Senior Notes
 due 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed
 January 25, 2001). 

 4.28 

 Global
 Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 4.00% Series B Senior
 Notes due 2007 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.14 to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-123150,
 filed March 4, 2005). 

 4.29 

 Global
 Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 5.60% Series B Senior
 Notes due 2014 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.17 to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-123150,
 filed March 4, 2005). 

 4.30 

 Global
 Note representing $150.0 million principal amount of 5.60% Series B Senior
 Notes due 2014 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.18 to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-123150,
 filed March 4, 2005). 

 4.31 

 Global
 Note representing $350.0 million principal amount of 6.65% Series B Senior
 Notes due 2034 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.19 to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-123150,
 filed March 4, 2005). 

 4.32 

 Global
 Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 4.625% Series B
 Senior Notes due 2009 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.27 to Form 10-K filed March 15, 2005). 

 4.33 

 Global
 Note representing $250.0 million principal amount of 5.00% Series B Senior
 Notes due 2015 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.31 to Form 10-Q filed November 4, 2005). 

 4.34 

 Global
 Note representing $250.0 million principal amount of 5.75% Series B Senior
 Notes due 

 138 

 Table of Contents 

 2035
 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to Form
 10-Q filed November 4, 2005). 

 4.35 

 Global
 Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 4.95% Senior Notes
 due 2010 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.47 to Form 10-Q filed November 4, 2005). 

 4.36 

 Form
 of Junior Subordinated Note, including Guarantee (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K filed July 19,
 2006). 

 4.37 

 Global
 Note representing $800.0 million principal amount of 6.30% Senior Notes
 due 2017 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.38 to Form 10-Q filed November 9, 2007). 

 4.38 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $400.0 million principal amount of 5.65%
 Senior Notes due 2013 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed April 3,
 2008). 

 4.39 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $700.0 million principal amount of 6.50%
 Senior Notes due 2019 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed April 3,
 2008). 

 4.40 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 9.75%
 Senior Notes due 2014 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed December 8,
 2008). 

 4.41 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 4.60%
 Senior Notes due 2012 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed June 10, 2009). 

 4.42 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $500.0 million principal amount of 5.25%
 Senior Notes due 2020 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed October 5, 2009). 

 4.43 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $600.0 million principal amount of 6.125%
 Senior Notes due 2039 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed October 5, 2009). 

 4.44 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $490.5 million principal amount of 7.625%
 Senior Notes due 2012 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.45 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $182.6 million principal amount of 6.125%
 Senior Notes due 2013 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.46 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $237.6 million principal amount of 5.90%
 Senior Notes due 2013 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.47 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $349.7 million principal amount of 6.65%
 Senior Notes due 2018 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.48 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $399.6 million principal amount of 7.55%
 Senior Notes due 2038 with attached Guarantee (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.7 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.49 

 Form
 of Global Note representing $285.8 million principal amount of 7.000%
 Junior Subordinated Notes due 2067 with attached Guarantee (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to Form 8-K filed October 28,
 2009). 

 4.50 

 Replacement
 Capital Covenant, dated May 24, 2007, executed by Enterprise Products
 Operating L.P. and Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in favor of the
 covered debtholders described therein (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K filed May 24,
 2007). 

 4.51 

 First
 Amendment to Replacement Capital Covenant dated August 25, 2006,
 executed by Enterprise Products Operating L.P. in favor of the covered
 debtholders described therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2
 to Form 8-K filed August 25, 2006). 

 4.52 

 Purchase
 Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2006 between Cerrito Gathering Company,
 Ltd., Cerrito Gas Marketing, Ltd., Encinal Gathering, Ltd., as Sellers,
 Lewis Energy Group, L.P. as Guarantor, and Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P., as Buyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form 10-Q
 filed August 8, 2006). 

 139 

 Table of Contents 

 4.53 

 Replacement
 Capital Covenant, dated October 27, 2009, among Enterprise Products
 Operating LLC and Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in favor of the
 covered debtholders described therein (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.9 to Form 8-K filed October 28, 2009). 

 4.54 

 Indenture,
 dated February 20, 2002, by and among TEPPCO Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE
 Products Pipeline Company, Limited Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO
 Midstream Companies, L.P. and Jonah Gas Gathering Company, as Subsidiary
 Guarantors, and First Union National Bank, NA, as Trustee (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Form 8-K filed by TEPPCO Partners, L.P.
 on February 20, 2002). 

 4.55 

 First
 Supplemental Indenture, dated February 20, 2002, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited
 Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P. and Jonah Gas
 Gathering Company, as Subsidiary Guarantors, and First Union National
 Bank, NA, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the
 Form 8-K filed by TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on February 20,
 2002). 

 4.56 

 Second
 Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2002, by and among TEPPCO Partners,
 L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited Partnership, TCTM,
 L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P. and Jonah Gas Gathering Company, as
 Initial Subsidiary Guarantors, Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P., as
 New Subsidiary Guarantor, and Wachovia Bank, National Association,
 formerly known as First Union National Bank, as Trustee (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Form 10-Q filed by TEPPCO Partners, L.P.
 on August 14, 2002). 

 4.57 

 Third
 Supplemental Indenture, dated January 20, 2003, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P. as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited
 Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P., Jonah Gas
 Gathering Company and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P. as Subsidiary
 Guarantors, and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Form 10-K filed by TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P. on March 21, 2003). 

 4.58 

 Full
 Release of Guarantee, dated July 31, 2006, by Wachovia Bank, National
 Association, as Trustee, in favor of Jonah Gas Gathering Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Form 10-Q filed by TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P. on November 7, 2006). 

 4.59 

 Fourth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated June 30, 2007, by and among TEPPCO Partners,
 L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited Partnership, TCTM,
 L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P., Val Verde Gas Gathering Company,
 L.P., TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC and TEPPCO Midstream Companies,
 LLC, as Subsidiary Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as
 Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 8-K filed by
 TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC on July 6, 2007). 

 4.60 

 Fifth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated March 27, 2008, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde Gathering Company, L.P., as
 Subsidiary Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Form 10-Q filed by
 TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May 8, 2008). 

 4.61 

 Sixth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated March 27, 2008, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P.,
 as Subsidiary Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Form 10-Q filed by
 TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May 8, 2008). 

 4.62 

 Seventh
 Supplemental Indenture, dated March 27, 2008, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P.,
 as Subsidiary Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Form 10-Q filed by
 TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May 8, 2008). 

 4.63 

 Eighth
 Supplemental Indenture, dated October 27, 2009, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P.,
 as Subsidiary Guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed by TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P. on October 28, 2009). 

 4.64# 

 Full
 Release of Guarantee, dated November 23, 2009, of TE Products Pipeline
 Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde
 Gas Gathering Company, 

 140 

 Table of Contents 

 L.P.
 by U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 

 4.65 

 Indenture,
 dated May 14, 2007, by and among TEPPCO Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE
 Products Pipeline Company, Limited Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO
 Midstream Companies, L.P. and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P., as
 Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as
 Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Form 8-K filed
 by TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May 15, 2007). 

 4.66 

 First
 Supplemental Indenture, dated May 18, 2007, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited
 Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P. and Val Verde
 Gas Gathering Company, L.P., as Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New
 York Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed by TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May 18,
 2007). 

 4.67 

 Replacement
 of Capital Covenant, dated May 18, 2007, executed by TEPPCO Partners,
 L.P., TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited Partnership, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P. and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P.
 in favor of the covered debt holders described therein (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K of TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on May
 18, 2007). 

 4.68 

 Second
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 30, 2007, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, Limited
 Partnership, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, L.P. and Val Verde
 Gas Gathering Company, L.P., as Existing Subsidiary Guarantors, TE
 Products Pipeline Company, LLC and TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC, as New
 Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as
 Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed by
 TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC on July 6, 2007). 

 4.69 

 Third
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2009, by and among TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P., as Issuer, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P.,
 TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P.,
 as Subsidiary Guarantors, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
 N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K
 filed by TEPPCO Partners, L.P. on October 28, 2009). 

 4.70# 

 Full
 Release of Guarantee, dated as of November 23, 2009, of TE Products
 Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and Val
 Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P. by The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
 Company, N.A., as Trustee. 

 10.1 

 Transportation
 Contract between Enterprise Products Operating L.P. and Enterprise
 Transportation Company dated June 1, 1998 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1/A Registration Statement, Reg. No. 333-52537,
 filed July 8, 1998). 

 10.2*** 

 Enterprise
 Products 1998 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated as of
 February 23, 2010) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K
 filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.3*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan for awards issued before May 7, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed November 8,
 2007). 

 10.4*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan for awards issued on or after May 7, 2008 but before
 February 23, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q
 filed May 12, 2008). 

 10.5*** 

 Amendment
 to Form of Option Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan for awards issued before February 23, 2010 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed February 26,
 2010). 

 10.6*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998 Long-Term
 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K
 filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.7*** 

 Form
 of Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards issued before February 23, 2010
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed November 9,
 2007). 

 10.8*** 

 Amendment
 to Form of Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards issued before February 23, 2010
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed February 26,
 2010). 

 10.9*** 

 Form
 of Employee Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise Products 1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
 Form 8-K filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.10*** 

 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise
 Products 

 141 

 Table of Contents 

 1998
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
 Form 8-K filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.11*** 

 Enterprise
 Products Company 2005 EPE Long-Term Incentive Plan (amended and restated
 as of February 23, 2010) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on February 26,
 2010). 

 10.12*** 

 Form
 of Unit Appreciation Right Grant Award (Enterprise Products GP, LLC
 Directors) under the Enterprise Products Company 2005 EPE Long-Term
 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K
 filed by Enterprise GP Holdings on May 8, 2006). 

 10.13*** 

 Form
 of Employee Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise Products
 Company 2005 EPE Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on February
 26, 2010). 

 10.14*** 

 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise
 Products Company 2005 EPE Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P.
 on February 26, 2010). 

 10.15*** 

 Form
 of Phantom Unit Grant Award under the Enterprise Products Company 2005 EPE
 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
 Form 8-K filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on February 26,
 2010). 

 10.16*** 

 Amended
 and Restated 2008 Enterprise Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (February
 23, 2010) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed
 February 26, 2010). 

 10.17*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the Amended and Restated 2008 Enterprise
 Products Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards issued before February 23,
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-8 filed May 6,
 2008). 

 10.18*** 

 Amendment
 to Form of Option Grant Award under the Amended and Restated 2008
 Enterprise Products Long-Term Incentive Plan for awards issued before
 February 23, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 8-K
 filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.19*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the Amended and Restated 2008 Enterprise
 Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 to Form 8-K filed February 26, 2010). 

 10.20*** 

 Form
 of Employee Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Amended and Restated
 2008 Enterprise Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 8-K filed February 26,
 2010). 

 10.21*** 

 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Restricted Unit Grant Award under the Amended and
 Restated 2008 Enterprise Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 8-K filed February 26,
 2010). 

 10.22*** 

 2010
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated
 February 23, 2010) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on February 26,
 2010). 

 10.23*** 

 Form
 of Option Grant Award under the 2010 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. Long-Term
 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on February 26,
 2010). 

 10.24*** 

 Form
 of Employee Restricted Unit Grant Award under the 2010 Duncan Energy
 Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on February
 26, 2010). 

 10.25*** 

 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Restricted Unit Grant Award under the 2010 Duncan
 Energy Partners L.P. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on
 February 26, 2010). 

 10.26*** 

 Agreement
 of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit L.P. dated August 23, 2005
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed by Enterprise
 GP Holdings L.P. on September 1, 2005). 

 10.27*** 

 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit L.P. dated
 August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on August 8,
2007). 

 10.28*** 

 Second
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit L.P. dated July
 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by
 Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on July 7, 2008). 

 10.29*** 

 Third
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit L.P. dated
 December 2, 

 142 

 Table of Contents 

 2009
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by Enterprise
 GP Holdings L.P. on December 8, 2009). 

 10.30*** 

 Agreement
 of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit II, L.P. dated December 5, 2006
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K filed February
 28, 2007). 

 10.31*** 

 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit II, L.P. dated
 August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on August 8,
2007). 

 10.32*** 

 Second
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit II, L.P. dated
 July 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed
 by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on July 7, 2008). 

 10.33*** 

 Third
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit II, L.P. dated
 December 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K
 filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on December 8,
 2009). 

 10.34*** 

 Agreement
 of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit III, L.P. dated May 7, 2007
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed by
 Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on May 10, 2007). 

 10.35*** 

 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit III, L.P. dated
 August 7, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on August 8,
2007). 

 10.36*** 

 Second
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit III, L.P. dated
 July 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed
 by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on July 7, 2008). 

 10.37*** 

 Third
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPE Unit III, L.P. dated
 December 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K
 filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on December 8,
 2009). 

 10.38*** 

 Agreement
 of Limited Partnership of Enterprise Unit L.P. dated February 20, 2008
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed
 February 26, 2008). 

 10.39*** 

 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enterprise Unit L.P.
 dated December 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form
 8-K filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on December 8,
 2009). 

 10.40*** 

 Agreement
 of Limited Partnership of EPCO Unit L.P. dated November 13, 2008
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed
 November 18, 2008). 

 10.41*** 

 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Limited Partnership of EPCO Unit L.P. dated
 December 2, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K
 filed by Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. on December 8,
 2009). 

 10.42 

 Fifth
 Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of
 January 30, 2009, by and among EPCO, Inc., Enterprise GP Holdings L.P.,
 EPE Holdings, LLC, Enterprise Products Partners L.P., Enterprise Products
 Operating LLC, Enterprise Products GP, LLC, Enterprise Products OLPGP,
 Inc., DEP Holdings, LLC, Duncan Energy Partners L.P., DEP Operating
 Partnership L.P., TEPPCO Partners, L.P., Texas Eastern Products Pipeline
 Company, LLC, TE Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TEPPCO Midstream
 Companies, LLC, TCTM, L.P. and TEPPCO GP, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed February 5, 2009). 

 10.43 

 Amended
 and Restated Omnibus Agreement dated as of December 8, 2008 among
 Enterprise Products Operating LLC, DEP Holdings, LLC, Duncan Energy
 Partners L.P., DEP OLPGP, LLC, DEP Operating Partnership, L.P., Enterprise
 Lou-Tex Propylene Pipeline L.P., Sabine Propylene Pipeline L.P., Acadian
 Gas, LLC, Mont Belvieu Caverns, LLC, South Texas NGL Pipelines, LLC,
 Enterprise Holding III, L.L.C., Enterprise Texas Pipeline, LLC, Enterprise
 Intrastate, L.P. and Enterprise GC, LP (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 of Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. filed
 December 8, 2008). 

 10.44 

 Contribution,
 Conveyance and Assumption Agreement dated as of February 5, 2007, by and
 among Enterprise Products Operating L.P., DEP Holdings, LLC, Duncan Energy
 Partners L.P., DEP OLPGP, LLC and DEP Operating Partnership, L.P.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed by Duncan
 Energy Partners on February 5, 2007). 

 10.45 

 Amended
 and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Duncan Energy Partners
 L.P., dated February 5, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on February 5,
 2007). 

 143 

 Table of Contents 

 10.46 

 Amendment
 No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. dated December 27, 2007 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K/A filed by Duncan Energy Partners
 L.P. on January 3, 2008). 

 10.47 

 Amendment
 No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. dated November 6, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-Q filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P.
 on November 10, 2008). 

 10.48 

 Third
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. dated December 8, 2008 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P.
 on December 8, 2008). 

 10.49 

 Fourth
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. dated June 15, 2009 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on June
 15, 2009). 

 10.50 

 Amended
 and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 29, 2005, among Cameron
 Highway Oil Pipeline Company, the Lenders party thereto, and SunTrust
 Bank, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed July 1,
 2005). 

 10.51 

 Revolving
 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 5, 2007, among Duncan Energy
 Partners L.P., as Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as
 Administrative Agent, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Citibank, N.A., as
 Co-Syndication Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Mizuho Corporate
 Bank, Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents, and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC,
 The Bank of Nova Scotia and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Joint Lead
 Arrangers and Joint Book Runners (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.20 to Form S-1/A Registration Statement, Reg.
 No. 333-138371, filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on
 January 12, 2007). 

 10.52 

 First
 Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2007, among
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P., as Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National
 Association, as Administrative Agent, The Bank of Nova Scotia and
 Citibank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and
 Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents, and Wachovia
 Capital Markets, LLC, The Bank of Nova Scotia and Citigroup Global Markets
 Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-Q filed by Duncan Energy
 Partners L.P. on August 8, 2007). 

 10.53 

 Amended
 and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 19, 2007
 among Enterprise Products Operating LLC, the financial institutions party
 thereto as lenders, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative
 Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, Citibank, N.A. and JPMorgan
 Chase Bank, as Co-Syndication Agents, and SunTrust Bank, Mizuho Corporate
 Bank, Ltd. and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Documentation Agents
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed November 20,
 2007). 

 10.54 

 Amended
 and Restated Guaranty Agreement dated as of November 19, 2007
 executed by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in favor of Wachovia Bank,
 National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed November 20, 2007). 

 10.55 

 Term
 Loan Credit Agreement dated as of November 12, 2008 among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as
 Lenders, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent, a Lender
 and as Sole Lead Arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K filed November 18, 2008). 

 10.56 

 Guaranty
 Agreement dated as of November 12, 2008 executed by Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P. in favor of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., as
 Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form
 8-K filed November 18, 2008). 

 10.57 

 364-Day
 Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 17, 2008 among Enterprise
 Products Operating LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as
 Lenders, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as Administrative Agent, and
 Barclays Bank plc, The Bank of Nova Scotia, DnB NOR Bank ASA and Wachovia
 Bank, National Association, as Co-Arrangers (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed November 18, 2008). 

 10.58 

 Guaranty
 Agreement dated as of November 17, 2008 executed by Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P. in favor of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as
 Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form
 8-K filed November 18, 2008). 

 10.59 

 Second
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Mont Belvieu
 Caverns, LLC, dated November 6, 2008 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10- 

 144 

 Table of Contents 

 Q
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on November 10, 2008). 

 10.60 

 Contribution,
 Conveyance and Assumption Agreement dated as of December 8, 2008 by and
 among Duncan Energy Partners L.P., DEP OLPGP, LLC, DEP Operating
 Partnership, L.P., Enterprise GTM Holdings L.P. and Enterprise Holding
 III, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed
 by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on December 8, 2008). 

 10.61 

 Purchase
 and Sale Agreement dated as of December 8, 2008 by and among (a)
 Enterprise Products Operating LLC and Enterprise GTM Holdings L.P. as the
 Seller Parties and (b) Duncan Energy Partners L.P., DEP Holdings, LLC, DEP
 Operating Partnership, L.P. and DEP OLPGP, LLC as the Buyer Parties
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by Duncan
 Energy Partners L.P. on December 8, 2008). 

 10.62 

 Third
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enterprise GC,
 L.P. dated December 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of
 Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on December 8,
 2008). 

 10.63 

 Fourth
 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Enterprise
 Intrastate L.P. dated December 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.4 of Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on December
 8, 2008). 

 10.64 

 Amended
 and Restated Company Agreement of Enterprise Texas Pipeline LLC dated
 December 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 8-K
 filed by Duncan Energy Partners L.P. on December 8,
 2008). 

 10.65 

 Unit
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2008, by and between Duncan
 Energy Partners L.P. and Enterprise Products Operating LLC (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Form 8-K filed by Duncan Energy Partners
 L.P. on December 8, 2008). 

 10.66 

 Term
 Loan Credit Agreement dated as of April 1, 2009 among Enterprise Products
 Operating LLC, the financial institutions party thereto as Lenders, Mizuho
 Corporate Bank, Ltd., as Administrative Agent, a Lender and as Sole Lead
 Arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed
 April 2, 2009). 

 10.67 

 Guaranty
 Agreement dated as of April 1, 2009 executed by Enterprise Products
 Partners L.P. in favor of Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., as Administrative
 Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed April
 2, 2009). 

 10.68 

 Support
 Agreement, dated as of June 28, 2009, by and among Enterprise Products
 Partners L.P., Enterprise GP Holdings L.P., DD Securities LLC, DFI GP
 Holdings, L.P., Duncan Family Interests Inc., Duncan Family 2000 Trust and
 Dan L. Duncan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed
 June 29, 2009). 

 10.69 

 Memorandum
 of Understanding, dated June 28, 2009 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed June 29, 2009). 

 10.70 

 Stipulation
 and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release, dated August 5, 2009
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed by TEPPCO
 Partners, L.P. on August 6, 2009). 

 10.71 

 Common
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated September 3, 2009, by and between
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and EPCO Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed September 4,
 2009). 

 12.1 

 Computation
 of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for each of the five years ended
 December 31, 2009, 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

 21.1# 

 List
 of subsidiaries as of February 1, 2010. 

 23.1# 

 Consent
 of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

 31.1# 

 Sarbanes-Oxley
 Section 302 certification of Michael A. Creel for Enterprise Products
 Partners L.P. for the December 31, 2009 Annual Report on Form
 10-K. 

 31.2# 

 Sarbanes-Oxley
 Section 302 certification of W. Randall Fowler for Enterprise Products
 Partners L.P. for the December 31, 2009 Annual Report on Form
 10-K. 

 32.1# 

 Section
 1350 certification of Michael A. Creel for the December 31, 2009 Annual
 Report on Form 10-K. 

 32.2# 

 Section
 1350 certification of W. Randall Fowler for the December 31, 2009 Annual
 Report on Form 10-K. 

 101.CAL# 

 XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

 101.DEF# 

 XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

 101.INS# 

 XBRL
 Instance Document 

 145 

 Table of Contents 

 101.LAB# 

 XBRL
 Labels Linkbase Document 

 101.PRE# 

 XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

 101.SCH# 

 XBRL
 Schema Document 

 * 

 With
 respect to any exhibits incorporated by reference to any Exchange Act
 filings, the Commission file numbers for Enterprise GP Holdings L.P,
 Duncan Energy Partners L.P., TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and TE Products
 Pipeline Company, LLC are 1-32610, 1-33266, 1-10403 and 1-13603,
 respectively. 

 *** 

 Identifies
 management contract and compensatory plan arrangements. 

 # 

 Filed
 with this report. 

 146 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized
on March 1, 2010. 

 ENTERPRISE
 PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 

 (A
 Delaware Limited Partnership) 

 By: Enterprise
 Products GP, LLC, as General Partner 

 By: 

 /s/
 Michael J. Knesek 

 Name: 

 Michael
 J. Knesek 

 Title: 

 Senior
 Vice President, Controller 
 and
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 of
 the General Partner 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated below on
March 1, 2010. 

 Signature 

 Title
 (Position with Enterprise Products GP, LLC) 

 /s/
 Dan L. Duncan 

 Director
 and Chairman 

 Dan
 L. Duncan 

 /s/
 Michael A. Creel 

 Director,
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 Michael
 A. Creel 

 /s/
 W. Randall Fowler 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

 W.
 Randall Fowler 

 /s/
 Richard H. Bachmann 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and
 Secretary 

 Richard
 H. Bachmann 

 /s/
 A. James Teague 

 Director,
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 

 A.
 James Teague 

 /s/
 Dr. Ralph S. Cunningham 

 Director 

 Dr.
 Ralph S. Cunningham 

 /s/
 E. William Barnett 

 Director 

 E.
 William Barnett 

 /s/
 Rex C. Ross 

 Director 

 Rex
 C. Ross 

 /s/
 Charles M. Rampacek 

 Director 

 Charles
 M. Rampacek 

 /s/
 Michael J. Knesek 

 Senior
 Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting
 Officer 

 Michael
 J. Knesek 

 147 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Page
 No. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm 

 F-2 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009
 and 2008 

 F-3 

 Statements of Consolidated
 Operations 

 for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
 2007 

 F-4 

 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive
 Income 

 for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008
 and 2007 

 F-5 

 Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows 

 for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
 2007 

 F-6 

 Statements of Consolidated
 Equity 

 for the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
 2007 

 F-7 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements 

 Note 1 &#8211; Partnership Organization and Basis of
 Presentation 

 F-8 

 Note 2 &#8211; Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies 

 F-10 

 Note 3 &#8211; Recent Accounting Developments 

 F-17 

 Note 4 &#8211; Revenue Recognition 

 F-17 

 Note 5 &#8211; Equity-based Awards 

 F-21 

 Note 6 &#8211; Derivative Instruments, Hedging Activities and Fair
 Value Measurements 

 F-29 

 Note 7 &#8211; Inventories 

 F-37 

 Note 8 &#8211; Property, Plant and Equipment 

 F-39 

 Note 9 &#8211; Investments in Unconsolidated
 Affiliates 

 F-41 

 Note 10 &#8211; Business Combinations 

 F-44 

 Note 11 &#8211; Intangible Assets and
Goodwill 

 F-47 

 Note 12 &#8211; Debt Obligations 

 F-52 

 Note 13 &#8211; Equity and Distributions 

 F-59 

 Note 14 &#8211; Business Segments 

 F-65 

 Note 15 &#8211; Related Party Transactions 

 F-70 

 Note 16 &#8211; Provision for Income Taxes 

 F-75 

 Note 17 &#8211; Earnings Per Unit 

 F-76 

 Note 18 &#8211; Commitments and Contingencies 

 F-78 

 Note 19 &#8211; Significant Risks and
 Uncertainties 

 F-83 

 Note 20 &#8211; Supplemental Cash Flow
 Information 

 F-85 

 Note 21 &#8211; Quarterly Financial Information
 (Unaudited) 

 F-86 

 Note 22 &#8211; Condensed Consolidating Financial
 Information 

 F-86 

 Note 23 &#8211; Subsequent Event 

 F-94 

 F-1 

 Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 
 
 To the
Board of Directors of Enterprise Products GP, LLC and 
 Unitholders
of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 
 Houston,
Texas 
 
 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and
subsidiaries (the ";Company";) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related
statements of consolidated operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and
equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company';s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 In our opinion, such consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and subsidiaries at December 31,
2009 and 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 
 
 We have
also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on the criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission and our report dated March 1, 2010 expresses an unqualified
opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 The
consolidated financial statements give retroactive effect to the acquisition of
TEPPCO Partners, L.P. (";TEPPCO";) and Texas Eastern Products Pipeline Company,
LLC (";TEPPCO GP";) by the Company on October 26, 2009, which has been accounted
for at historical cost as a reorganization of entities under common control as
described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. Also,
as discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the disclosures
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been retrospectively
adjusted for a change in the composition of reportable segments as a result of
the acquisition of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP by the Company. 
 
 /s/
DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Houston,
Texas 
 March 1,
2010 

 F-2 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars
in millions) 

 December
 31, 

 ASSETS 

 2009 

 2008* 

 Current
 assets: 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 

 $ 
 54.7 

 $ 
 61.7 

 Restricted
 cash 

 63.6 

 203.8 

 Accounts
 and notes receivable &#8211; trade, net of allowance for doubtful
 accounts 
 of
 $16.8 at December 31, 2009 and $17.7 at December 31, 2008 

 3,099.0 

 2,028.5 

 Accounts
 receivable &#8211; related parties 

 38.4 

 35.3 

 Inventories 

 711.9 

 405.0 

 Derivative
 assets 

 113.8 

 218.6 

 Prepaid
 and other current assets 

 165.5 

 149.8 

 Total
 current assets 

 4,246.9 

 3,102.7 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 17,689.2 

 16,732.8 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 890.6 

 911.9 

 Intangible
 assets, net of accumulated amortization of $795.0 at 
 December
 31, 2009 and $675.1 at December 31, 2008 

 1,064.8 

 1,182.9 

 Goodwill 

 2,018.3 

 2,019.6 

 Other
 assets 

 241.8 

 261.7 

 Total
 assets 

 $ 
 26,151.6 

 $ 
 24,211.6 

 LIABILITIES
 AND EQUITY 

 Current
 liabilities: 

 Accounts
 payable &#8211; trade 

 $ 
 410.6 

 $ 
 388.9 

 Accounts
 payable &#8211; related parties 

 69.8 

 17.4 

 Accrued
 product payables 

 3,393.0 

 1,845.7 

 Accrued
 expenses 

 108.5 

 65.7 

 Accrued
 interest 

 228.0 

 188.3 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 93.0 

 302.9 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 233.1 

 292.3 

 Total
 current liabilities 

 4,536.0 

 3,101.2 

 Long-term debt: (see
 Note 12) 

 Senior
 debt obligations &#8211; principal 

 9,764.3 

 10,030.1 

 Junior
 subordinated notes &#8211; principal 

 1,532.7 

 1,532.7 

 Other 

 49.4 

 75.1 

 Total
 long-term debt 

 11,346.4 

 11,637.9 

 Deferred
 tax liabilities 

 71.7 

 66.1 

 Other
 long-term liabilities 

 155.2 

 110.5 

 Commitments
 and contingencies 

 Equity: (see Note
 13) 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P. partners'; equity: 

 Limited
 Partners: 

 Common
 units (603,202,828 units outstanding at December 31, 2009 
 and
 439,354,731 units outstanding at December 31, 2008) 

 9,173.5 

 6,036.9 

 Restricted
 common units (2,720,882 units outstanding at December 31,
2009 
 and
 2,080,600 units outstanding at December 31, 2008) 

 37.7 

 26.2 

 Class
 B units (4,520,431 units outstanding at December 31, 2009) 

 118.5 

 -- 

 General
 partner 

 190.8 

 123.6 

 Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

 (8.4 
 ) 

 (97.2 
 ) 

 Total
 Enterprise Products Partners L.P. partners'; equity 

 9,512.1 

 6,089.5 

 Noncontrolling
 interest 

 530.2 

 3,206.4 

 Total
 equity 

 10,042.3 

 9,295.9 

 Total
 liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 26,151.6 

 $ 
 24,211.6 

 See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 *See Note
1 for information regarding these recasted amounts and basis of financial
statement presentation. 

 F-3 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 STATEMENTS
OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars
in millions, except per unit amounts) 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008* 

 2007* 

 Revenues: 

 Third
 parties 

 $ 
 24,911.9 

 $ 
 34,454.2 

 $ 
 26,128.6 

 Related
 parties 

 599.0 

 1,015.4 

 585.2 

 Total
 revenues (see Note 14) 

 25,510.9 

 35,469.6 

 26,713.8 

 Costs
 and expenses: 

 Operating
 costs and expenses: 

 Third
 parties 

 22,547.6 

 32,861.9 

 24,938.2 

 Related
 parties 

 1,018.2 

 757.0 

 463.9 

 Total
 operating costs and expenses 

 23,565.8 

 33,618.9 

 25,402.1 

 General
 and administrative costs: 

 Third
 parties 

 77.3 

 43.4 

 44.6 

 Related
 parties 

 95.0 

 93.8 

 82.6 

 Total
 general and administrative costs 

 172.3 

 137.2 

 127.2 

 Total
 costs and expenses 

 23,738.1 

 33,756.1 

 25,529.3 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 51.2 

 34.9 

 10.5 

 Operating
 income 

 1,824.0 

 1,748.4 

 1,195.0 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 expense 

 (641.8 
 ) 

 (540.7 
 ) 

 (413.0 
 ) 

 Interest
 income 

 2.3 

 7.4 

 11.1 

 Other,
 net 

 (4.1 
 ) 

 4.8 

 60.6 

 Total
 other expense, net 

 (643.6 
 ) 

 (528.5 
 ) 

 (341.3 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 1,180.4 

 1,219.9 

 853.7 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 (25.3 
 ) 

 (31.0 
 ) 

 (15.7 
 ) 

 Net
 income 

 1,155.1 

 1,188.9 

 838.0 

 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest (see Note
 13) 

 (124.2 
 ) 

 (234.9 
 ) 

 (304.4 
 ) 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 533.6 

 Net income allocated to:
 (see Note 13) 

 Limited
 partners 

 $ 
 852.2 

 $ 
 811.5 

 $ 
 417.7 

 General
 partner 

 $ 
 178.7 

 $ 
 142.5 

 $ 
 115.9 

 Earnings per unit: (see
 Note 17) 

 Basic
 and diluted earnings per unit 

 $ 
 1.73 

 $ 
 1.84 

 $ 
 0.95 

 See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 *See Note
1 for information regarding these recasted amounts and basis of financial
statement presentation. 

 F-4 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 STATEMENTS
OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars
in millions) 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008* 

 2007* 

 Net
 income 

 $ 
 1,155.1 

 $ 
 1,188.9 

 $ 
 838.0 

 Other
 comprehensive income (loss): 

 Cash
 flow hedges: 

 Commodity
 derivative instrument losses during period 

 (179.6 
 ) 

 (170.2 
 ) 

 (46.9 
 ) 

 Reclassification
 adjustment for losses included in net income 
 related
 to commodity derivative instruments 

 294.2 

 96.3 

 9.5 

 Interest
 rate derivative instrument gains (losses) during period 

 18.6 

 (52.0 
 ) 

 (8.9 
 ) 

 Reclassification
 adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income 
 related
 to interest rate derivative instruments 

 10.8 

 (1.1 
 ) 

 (5.8 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency derivative gains (losses) 

 (10.2 
 ) 

 9.3 

 1.3 

 Total
 cash flow hedges 

 133.8 

 (117.7 
 ) 

 (50.8 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 2.1 

 (2.5 
 ) 

 2.0 

 Change
 in funded status of pension and postretirement plans, net of
 tax 

 -- 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 Total
 other comprehensive income (loss) 

 135.9 

 (121.5 
 ) 

 (48.8 
 ) 

 Comprehensive
 income 

 1,291.0 

 1,067.4 

 789.2 

 Comprehensive
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (130.2 
 ) 

 (229.7 
 ) 

 (258.8 
 ) 

 Comprehensive
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 $ 
 1,160.8 

 $ 
 837.7 

 $ 
 530.4 

 See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 *See Note
1 for information regarding these recasted amounts and basis of financial
statement presentation. 

 F-5 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 STATEMENTS
OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars
in millions) 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008* 

 2007* 

 Operating
 activities: 

 Net
 income 

 $ 
 1,155.1 

 $ 
 1,188.9 

 $ 
 838.0 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash 
 flows
 provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation,
 amortization and accretion 

 833.4 

 737.8 

 658.4 

 Non-cash
 impairment charges 

 33.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 (51.2 
 ) 

 (34.9 
 ) 

 (10.5 
 ) 

 Distributions
 received from unconsolidated affiliates 

 86.6 

 80.8 

 87.0 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 0.7 

 2.0 

 2.1 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 (67.4 
 ) 

 Loss
 on forfeiture of investment in Texas Offshore Port System 

 68.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 Loss
 on early extinguishment of debt 

 -- 

 1.6 

 1.6 

 Deferred
 income tax expense 

 4.5 

 6.2 

 7.6 

 Changes
 in fair market value of derivative instruments 

 0.4 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 1.3 

 Effect
 of pension settlement recognition 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 0.6 

 Net
 effect of changes in operating accounts (see Note 20) 

 245.9 

 (411.1 
 ) 

 434.9 

 Net
 cash flows provided by operating activities 

 2,377.2 

 1,567.1 

 1,953.6 

 Investing
 activities: 

 Capital
 expenditures 

 (1,584.3 
 ) 

 (2,539.6 
 ) 

 (2,764.0 
 ) 

 Contributions
 in aid of construction costs 

 17.8 

 27.2 

 57.6 

 Decrease
 (increase) in restricted cash 

 140.2 

 (132.8 
 ) 

 (47.3 
 ) 

 Cash
 used for business combinations (see Note 10) 

 (107.3 
 ) 

 (553.5 
 ) 

 (35.9 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of intangible assets 

 (1.4 
 ) 

 (5.8 
 ) 

 (14.5 
 ) 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 (18.8 
 ) 

 (64.7 
 ) 

 (236.8 
 ) 

 Proceeds
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 3.6 

 22.3 

 169.1 

 Other
 investing activities 

 3.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 Cash
 used in investing activities 

 (1,546.9 
 ) 

 (3,246.9 
 ) 

 (2,871.8 
 ) 

 Financing
 activities: 

 Borrowings
 under debt agreements 

 7,376.6 

 13,188.0 

 7,629.8 

 Repayments
 of debt 

 (7,653.5 
 ) 

 (10,434.3 
 ) 

 (5,799.9 
 ) 

 Debt
 issuance costs 

 (14.9 
 ) 

 (27.6 
 ) 

 (20.6 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (1,254.8 
 ) 

 (1,037.4 
 ) 

 (957.7 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 (340.0 
 ) 

 (383.9 
 ) 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 138.7 

 311.5 

 304.7 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 912.7 

 142.8 

 69.2 

 Repurchase
 of restricted units and options 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.5 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 Monetization
 of interest rate derivative instruments (see Note 6) 

 0.2 

 (66.5 
 ) 

 49.1 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (837.1 
 ) 

 1,690.7 

 946.3 

 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 0.4 

 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (6.8 
 ) 

 10.9 

 28.1 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, January 1 

 61.7 

 51.3 

 22.8 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, December 31 

 $ 
 54.7 

 $ 
 61.7 

 $ 
 51.3 

 See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 *See Note
1 for information regarding these recasted amounts and basis of financial
statement presentation. 

 F-6 

 Table of Contents 

 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 STATEMENTS
OF CONSOLIDATED EQUITY 
 (See
Note 13 for Unit History, Detail of Changes in Limited Partners'; Equity and
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) 
 (Dollars
in millions) 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners L.P. 

 Limited 
 Partners 

 General 
 Partner 

 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income
 (Loss) 

 Noncontrolling 
 Interest 

 Total 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2006* 

 $ 
 6,329.8 

 $ 
 129.3 

 $ 
 21.1 

 $ 
 2,644.7 

 $ 
 9,124.9 

 Net
 income 

 417.7 

 115.9 

 -- 

 304.4 

 838.0 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.1 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (833.8 
 ) 

 (124.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (958.2 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (3.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (3.0 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 60.4 

 1.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 61.6 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 7.5 

 0.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 7.6 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 304.7 

 304.7 

 Repurchase
 of restricted units and options 

 (1.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.5 
 ) 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 13.7 

 0.2 

 -- 

 0.8 

 14.7 

 Change
 in funded status of pension and 
 postretirement
 plans, net of tax 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.2 

 -- 

 1.2 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.0 

 -- 

 2.0 

 Cash
 flow hedges 

 -- 

 -- 

 (5.2 
 ) 

 (45.6 
 ) 

 (50.8 
 ) 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2007* 

 5,992.9 

 122.3 

 19.1 

 2,882.2 

 9,016.5 

 Net
 income 

 811.5 

 142.5 

 -- 

 234.9 

 1,188.9 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.0 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (892.7 
 ) 

 (144.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1,036.8 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (0.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.6 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (383.9 
 ) 

 (383.9 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 139.3 

 2.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 142.1 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 311.5 

 311.5 

 Issuance
 of units by TEPPCO in connection with 
 Cenac
 acquisition (see Note 10) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 186.6 

 186.6 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 11.9 

 0.1 

 -- 

 2.1 

 14.1 

 Acquisition
 of additional interest in subsidiaries 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (22.3 
 ) 

 (22.3 
 ) 

 Change
 in funded status of pension and 
 postretirement
 plans, net of tax 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 (2.5 
 ) 

 Cash
 flow hedges 

 -- 

 -- 

 (112.5 
 ) 

 (5.2 
 ) 

 (117.7 
 ) 

 Other 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.5 

 0.5 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2008* 

 6,063.1 

 123.6 

 (97.2 
 ) 

 3,206.4 

 9,295.9 

 Net
 income 

 852.2 

 178.7 

 -- 

 124.2 

 1,155.1 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (1,069.3 
 ) 

 (183.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1,252.4 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (2.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2.4 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (340.0 
 ) 

 (340.0 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 892.8 

 18.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 911.0 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 1.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.7 

 Common
 and Class B units issued in connection with TEPPCO Merger 

 2,574.1 

 53.1 

 (41.1 
 ) 

 (2,585.8 
 ) 

 0.3 

 Deconsolidation
 of Texas Offshore Port System 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (33.4 
 ) 

 (33.4 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of interest in subsidiary 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 10.3 

 10.3 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 138.7 

 138.7 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 18.9 

 0.3 

 -- 

 4.1 

 23.3 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.1 

 -- 

 2.1 

 Cash
 flow hedges 

 -- 

 -- 

 127.8 

 6.0 

 133.8 

 Other 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2009 

 $ 
 9,329.7 

 $ 
 190.8 

 $ 
 (8.4 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 530.2 

 $ 
 10,042.3 

 See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 *See Note
1 for information regarding these recasted amounts and basis of financial
statement presentation. 

 F-7 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Except per unit amounts, or as noted
within the context of each footnote disclosure, the dollar amounts presented in
the tabular data within these footnote disclosures are stated in millions of
dollars. 
 
 SIGNIFICANT
RELATIONSHIPS REFERENCED IN THESE 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to ";we,"; ";us,"; ";our,"; or ";Enterprise
Products Partners"; are intended to mean the business and operations of
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 
 
 References to ";EPO"; mean Enterprise
Products Operating LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Enterprise
Products Partners through which Enterprise Products Partners conducts
substantially all of its business, and its consolidated
subsidiaries. 
 
 References
to ";EPGP"; mean Enterprise Products GP, LLC, which is our general
partner. 
 
 References
to ";Duncan Energy Partners"; mean Duncan Energy Partners L.P., which is a
consolidated subsidiary of EPO. Duncan Energy Partners is a publicly
traded Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the
New York Stock Exchange (";NYSE";) under the ticker symbol
";DEP."; References to ";DEP GP"; mean DEP Holdings, LLC, which is the
general partner of Duncan Energy Partners and is wholly owned by
EPO. 
 
 References to ";Enterprise GP Holdings";
mean Enterprise GP Holdings L.P., a publicly traded Delaware limited
partnership, the units of which are listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol
";EPE."; Enterprise GP Holdings owns EPGP. The general
partner of Enterprise GP Holdings is EPE Holdings, LLC (";EPE Holdings";), a
wholly owned subsidiary of Dan Duncan LLC, all of the membership interests of
which are owned by Dan L. Duncan. 
 
 References
to ";TEPPCO"; and ";TEPPCO GP"; mean TEPPCO Partners, L.P. and Texas Eastern
Products Pipeline Company, LLC (which is the general partner of TEPPCO),
respectively, prior to their mergers with our subsidiaries. On
October 26, 2009, we completed the mergers with TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP (such
related mergers referred to herein individually and together as the ";TEPPCO
Merger";). 
 
 References
to ";Energy Transfer Equity"; mean the business and operations of Energy Transfer
Equity, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries, which include Energy Transfer
Partners, L.P. (";ETP";). Energy Transfer Equity is a publicly traded
Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the NYSE
under the ticker symbol ";ETE."; ETP is a publicly traded Delaware
limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the NYSE under the
ticker symbol ";ETP."; The general partner of Energy Transfer Equity is
LE GP, LLC (";LE GP";). 
 
 References
to ";EPCO"; mean Enterprise Products Company (formerly EPCO, Inc.) and its
privately held affiliates. We, EPO, Duncan Energy Partners, DEP GP,
EPGP, Enterprise GP Holdings and EPE Holdings are affiliates under the common
control of Dan L. Duncan, the Group Co-Chairman and controlling shareholder of
EPCO. 
 
 References
to ";Employee Partnerships"; mean EPE Unit L.P. (";EPE Unit I";), EPE Unit II, L.P.
(";EPE Unit II";), EPE Unit III, L.P. (";EPE Unit III";), Enterprise Unit L.P.
(";Enterprise Unit";) and EPCO Unit L.P. (";EPCO Unit";), collectively, all of which
are privately held affiliates of EPCO. 

 Note 1. Partnership Organization and Basis of
Presentation 
 
 We are a
publicly traded Delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are
listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol ";EPD."; We were formed in
April 1998 to own and operate certain natural gas liquids (";NGLs";) related
businesses of EPCO. We conduct substantially all of our business
through our wholly owned subsidiary, EPO. We are owned 98% by our
limited partners and 2% by our 

 F-8 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 general
partner, EPGP. Enterprise GP Holdings owns 100% of
EPGP. The general partner of Enterprise GP Holdings is EPE Holdings,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Dan Duncan LLC, all of the membership interests of
which are owned by Dan L. Duncan. We, EPGP, Enterprise GP Holdings,
EPE Holdings and Dan Duncan LLC are affiliates and under common control of Dan
L. Duncan, the Group Co-Chairman and controlling shareholder of
EPCO. 
 
 On
October 26, 2009, the related mergers of our wholly owned subsidiaries with
TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were completed. See ";TEPPCO Merger and Basis of
Presentation"; within this Note 1 for additional information regarding the TEPPCO
Merger. 
 
 On
February 5, 2007, Duncan Energy Partners, a consolidated subsidiary of ours,
completed an initial public offering of its common units. Through its
initial public offering and a subsequent drop down transaction on December 8,
2008, Duncan Energy Partners owns equity interests in certain of our midstream
energy businesses. DEP GP, the general partner of Duncan Energy
Partners, is wholly owned by EPO. 
 
 For
financial reporting purposes, we consolidate the financial statements of Duncan
Energy Partners with those of our own and reflect its operations in our business
segments. We control Duncan Energy Partners through our ownership of
its general partner. Also, due to common control of the entities by
Dan L. Duncan, the initial consolidated balance sheet of Duncan Energy Partners
reflects our historical carrying basis in each of the subsidiaries contributed
to Duncan Energy Partners. Public ownership of Duncan Energy
Partners'; net assets and earnings are presented as a component of noncontrolling
interest in our consolidated financial statements. The borrowings of
Duncan Energy Partners are presented as part of our consolidated
debt. However, neither Enterprise Products Partners L.P. nor EPO have
any obligation for the payment of interest or repayment of borrowings incurred
by Duncan Energy Partners. 
 
 TEPPCO
Merger and Basis of Presentation 
 
 On
October 26, 2009, the related mergers of our wholly owned subsidiaries with
TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were completed. Under terms of the merger
agreements, TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP became wholly owned subsidiaries of ours, and
each of TEPPCO';s unitholders, except for a privately held affiliate of EPCO,
were entitled to receive 1.24 of our common units for each TEPPCO
unit. In total, we issued an aggregate of 126,932,318 common units
and 4,520,431 Class B units (described below) as consideration in the TEPPCO
Merger for both TEPPCO units and the TEPPCO GP membership
interests. TEPPCO';s units, which had been trading on the NYSE under
the ticker symbol ";TPP,"; have been delisted and are no longer publicly
traded. On October 27, 2009, our TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP equity
interests were contributed to EPO, and TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP became wholly owned
subsidiaries of EPO. 
 
 A
privately held affiliate of EPCO exchanged a portion of its TEPPCO units, based
on the 1.24 exchange rate, for 4,520,431 of our Class B units in lieu of common
units. The Class B units are not entitled to regular quarterly cash
distributions for the first sixteen quarters following the closing date of the
merger. The Class B units automatically convert into the same number
of common units on the date immediately following the payment date for the
sixteenth quarterly distribution following the closing date of the
merger. The Class B units are entitled to vote together with the
common units as a single class on partnership matters and, except for the
payment of distributions, have the same rights and privileges as our common
units. 
 
 Under the
terms of the TEPPCO Merger agreements, Enterprise GP Holdings received 1,331,681
of our common units and an increase in the capital account of EPGP to maintain
its 2% general partner interest in us as consideration for 100% of the
membership interests of TEPPCO GP. 
 
 Since
Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are under common control of
EPCO and its affiliates, the TEPPCO Merger was accounted for at historical costs
as a reorganization of entities under common control in a manner similar to a
pooling of interests. The inclusion of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP in our
consolidated financial statements was effective January 1, 2005 since an
affiliate of 

 F-9 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 EPCO
under common control with Enterprise Products Partners originally acquired
ownership interests in TEPPCO GP in February 2005. 
 
 Our
consolidated financial statements prior to the TEPPCO Merger reflect the
combined financial information of Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO and
TEPPCO GP on a 100% basis. Third-party and related party ownership
interests in TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are reflected as ";Former owners of TEPPCO,"; a
component of noncontrolling interest. 
 
 Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (";GAAP";). The financial statements of
TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP were prepared from the separate accounting records
maintained by TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 We
revised our business segments and related disclosures to reflect the TEPPCO
Merger. Our reorganized business segments reflect the manner in which
these businesses are managed and reviewed by the chief executive officer of our
general partner. Under our new business segment structure, we have
five reportable business segments: (i) NGL Pipelines & Services; (ii)
Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services; (iii) Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines
& Services; (iv) Offshore Pipelines & Services and (v) Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services. 
 
 There was
no change in net income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. for
periods prior to the merger since net income attributable to TEPPCO and TEPPCO
GP was allocated to noncontrolling interests. Additionally, there was
no change in our reported earnings per unit for such periods. See
Note 14 for a reconciliation of our consolidated revenues and total segment
gross operating margin, which is a non-generally accepted accounting principle
(";non-GAAP";) financial measure of segment performance, to our pre-merger
amounts. 

 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 
 
 Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 
 
 Our
allowance for doubtful accounts is determined based on specific identification
and estimates of future uncollectible accounts. Our procedure for
determining the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on: (i) historical
experience with customers, (ii) the perceived financial stability of customers
based on our research and (iii) the levels of credit we grant to
customers. In addition, we may increase the allowance account in
response to the specific identification of customers involved in bankruptcy
proceedings and similar financial difficulties. On a routine basis,
we review estimates associated with the allowance for doubtful accounts to
ensure that we have recorded sufficient reserves to cover potential
losses. Our allowance also includes estimates for uncollectible
natural gas imbalances based on specific identification of
accounts. 
 
 The
following table presents the activity of our allowance for doubtful accounts for
the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Balance
 at beginning of period 

 $ 
 17.7 

 $ 
 21.8 

 $ 
 23.5 

 Charges
 to expense 

 0.1 

 3.5 

 2.6 

 Payments 

 (1.0 
 ) 

 (7.6 
 ) 

 (4.3 
 ) 

 Balance
 at end of period 

 $ 
 16.8 

 $ 
 17.7 

 $ 
 21.8 

 See ";Credit Risk Due to Industry
Concentrations"; in Note 19 for additional information. 

 F-10 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Cash
and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Cash and
cash equivalents represent unrestricted cash on hand and highly liquid
investments with original maturities of less than three months from the date of
purchase. 
 
 Consolidation
Policy 
 
 Our
consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our
majority-owned subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest, after the
elimination of all intercompany accounts and transactions. We also
consolidate other entities and ventures in which we possess a controlling
financial interest as well as partnership interests where we are the sole
general partner of the partnership. We evaluate our financial
interests in business enterprises to determine if they represent variable
interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary. If such
criteria are met, we consolidate the financial statements of such businesses
with those of our own. Third-party or affiliate ownership interests
in our controlled subsidiaries are presented as noncontrolling
interests. See Note 13 for information regarding noncontrolling
interest. 
 
 If the
entity is organized as a limited partnership or limited liability company and
maintains separate ownership accounts, we account for our investment using the
equity method if our ownership interest is between 3% and 50% and we exercise
significant influence over the entity';s operating and financial
policies. For all other types of investments, we apply the equity
method of accounting if our ownership interest is between 20% and 50% and we
exercise significant influence over the entity';s operating and financial
policies. In consolidation, we eliminate our proportionate share of
profits and losses from transactions with equity method unconsolidated
affiliates to the extent such amounts remain on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
(or those of our equity method investments) in inventory or similar
accounts. 
 
 If our
ownership interest in an entity does not provide us with either control or
significant influence we account for the investment using the cost
method. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 Certain
conditions may exist as of the date our financial statements are issued, which
may result in a loss to us but which will only be resolved when one or more
future events occur or fail to occur. Our management and its legal
counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise in judgment. In assessing loss contingencies
related to legal proceedings that are pending against us or unasserted claims
that may result in proceedings, our management and legal counsel evaluate the
perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the
perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought
therein. 
 
 If the
assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss
has been incurred and the amount of liability can be estimated, then the
estimated liability would be accrued in our financial statements. If
the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not
probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated,
then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the
range of possible loss (if determinable and material), is
disclosed. 
 
 Loss
contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve
guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 
 
 Current
Assets and Current Liabilities 
 
 We
present, as individual captions in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, all
components of current assets and current liabilities that exceed 5% of total
current assets and liabilities, respectively. 

 F-11 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Deferred
Revenues 
 
 Amounts
billed in advance of the period in which the service is rendered or product
delivered are recorded as deferred revenue. At December 31, 2009 and
2008, deferred revenues totaled $106.8 million and $118.5 million, respectively,
and were recorded as a component of other current and long-term liabilities, as
appropriate, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 4 for
information regarding our revenue recognition policies. 
 
 Derivative
Instruments 
 
 We use
derivative instruments such as swaps, forwards and other contracts to manage
price risks associated with inventories, firm commitments, interest rates,
foreign currency and certain anticipated transactions. To qualify for
hedge accounting, the item to be hedged must expose us to risk and the related
derivative instrument must reduce that exposure and meet specific documentation
requirements. We formally designate a derivative instrument as a
hedge and document and assess the effectiveness of the hedge at inception and
thereafter on a quarterly basis. We also apply the normal
purchases/normal sales exception for certain of our derivative instruments,
which precludes the recognition of changes in mark-to-market value for these
items on the balance sheet or income statement. Revenues and costs for
these transactions are recognized when volumes are physically delivered or
received . See Note
6 for additional information regarding our derivative instruments and related
hedging activities. 
 
 Earnings
Per Unit 
 
 Earnings
per unit (";EPU";) is based on the amount of income allocated to limited partners
and the weighted-average number of units outstanding during the
period. See Note 17 for additional information regarding our earnings
per unit. 
 
 Environmental
Costs 
 
 Environmental
costs for remediation are accrued based on estimates of known remediation
requirements. Such accruals are based on management';s best estimate of the
ultimate cost to remediate a site and are adjusted as further information and
circumstances develop. Those estimates may change substantially depending
on information about the nature and extent of contamination, appropriate
remediation technologies and regulatory approvals. Expenditures to
mitigate or prevent future environmental contamination are capitalized. 
Ongoing environmental compliance costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
In accruing for environmental remediation liabilities, costs of future
expenditures for environmental remediation are not discounted to their present
value, unless the amount and timing of the expenditures are fixed or reliably
determinable. At December 31, 2009, none of our estimated environmental
remediation liabilities were discounted to present value since the ultimate
amount and timing of cash payments for such liabilities were not readily
determinable. 
 
 The
following table presents the activity of our environmental reserves for the
periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Balance
 at beginning of period 

 $ 
 22.3 

 $ 
 30.5 

 $ 
 26.0 

 Charges
 to expense 

 1.9 

 3.1 

 4.2 

 Acquisition-related
 additions and other 

 -- 

 2.9 

 6.7 

 Payments 

 (5.1 
 ) 

 (8.3 
 ) 

 (6.1 
 ) 

 Adjustments 

 (2.4 
 ) 

 (5.9 
 ) 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 Balance
 at end of period 

 $ 
 16.7 

 $ 
 22.3 

 $ 
 30.5 

 At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, $6.4 million and $5.3 million, respectively, of our
environmental reserves were classified as current
liabilities. 

 F-12 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Equity
Awards 
 
 See Note
5 for information regarding our accounting for equity awards. 
 
 Estimates 
 
 Preparing
our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect amounts presented in the financial
statements (i.e. assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses) and disclosures
about contingent assets and liabilities. Our actual results could
differ from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews
its estimates based on currently available information. Changes in
facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates. 
 
 Exchange
Contracts 
 
 Exchanges
are contractual agreements for the movements of NGLs and certain petrochemical
products between parties to satisfy timing and logistical needs of the
parties. Net exchange volumes borrowed from us under such agreements
are valued at market-based prices and included in accounts
receivable. Net exchange volumes loaned to us under such agreements
are valued at market-based prices and accrued as a liability in accrued product
payables. 
 
 Receivables and payables arising from
exchange transactions are settled with movements of products rather than with
cash. When payment or receipt of monetary consideration is required
for product differentials and service costs, such items are recognized in our
consolidated financial statements on a net basis. 
 
 Fair
Value Information 
 
 Cash and
cash equivalents and restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
accrued expenses, and other current liabilities are carried at amounts which
reasonably approximate their fair values due to their short-term
nature. The estimated fair values of our fixed-rate debt are based on
quoted market prices for such debt or debt of similar terms and
maturities. The carrying amounts of our variable-rate debt
obligations reasonably approximate their fair values due to their variable
interest rates. See Note 6 for fair value information associated with
our derivative instruments. 
 
 The
following table presents the estimated fair values of our financial instruments
at the dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 2009 

 December
 31, 2008 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Carrying 

 Fair 

 Financial
 Instruments 

 Value 

 Value 

 Value 

 Value 

 Financial
 assets: 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

 $ 
 118.3 

 $ 
 118.3 

 $ 
 265.5 

 $ 
 265.5 

 Accounts
 receivable 

 3,137.4 

 3,137.4 

 2,063.8 

 2,063.8 

 Financial
 liabilities: 

 Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

 4,209.9 

 4,209.9 

 2,506.0 

 2,506.0 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 233.1 

 233.1 

 292.3 

 292.3 

 Fixed-rate
 debt (principal amount) 

 10,586.7 

 11,056.2 

 9,704.3 

 8,192.2 

 Variable-rate
 debt 

 710.3 

 710.3 

 1,858.5 

 1,858.5 

 Foreign
Currency Translation 
 
 We own an
NGL marketing business located in Canada. The financial statements of
this foreign subsidiary are translated into U.S. dollars from the Canadian
dollar, which is the subsidiary';s functional currency, using the current rate
method. Its assets and liabilities are translated at the rate of
exchange in effect at the balance sheet date, while revenue and expense items
are translated at average rates of exchange during the reporting
period. Exchange gains and losses arising from foreign currency
translation 

 F-13 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 adjustments
are reflected as separate components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
(";AOCI";) in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our net
cash flows from this Canadian subsidiary may be adversely affected by changes in
foreign currency exchange rates. See Note 6 for information regarding
our foreign currency derivative instruments. 
 
 Impairment
Testing for Goodwill 
 
 Our
goodwill amounts are assessed for impairment (i) on a routine annual basis or
(ii) when impairment indicators are present. If such indicators occur
(e.g., the loss of a significant customer, economic obsolescence of plant
assets, etc.), the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to which the
goodwill is assigned is determined and compared to its book value. If
the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its book value including associated
goodwill amounts, the goodwill is considered to be unimpaired and no impairment
charge is required. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than its book value including associated goodwill amounts, a charge to earnings
is recorded to reduce the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair
value. See Note 6 for information regarding impairment charges
related to goodwill during 2009. 
 
 Impairment
Testing for Long-Lived Assets 
 
 Long-lived
assets (including intangible assets with finite useful lives and property, plant
and equipment) are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. 
 
 Long-lived
assets with carrying values that are not expected to be recovered through future
cash flows are written-down to their estimated fair values. The
carrying value of a long-lived asset is deemed not recoverable if it exceeds the
sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the asset. If the asset carrying value exceeds the sum
of its undiscounted cash flows, a non-cash asset impairment charge equal to the
excess of the asset';s carrying value over its estimated fair value is
recorded. Fair value is defined as the amount at which an asset or
liability could be bought or settled in an arm';s length
transaction. We measure fair value using market price indicators or,
in the absence of such data, appropriate valuation techniques. See
Note 6 for information regarding impairment charges related to long-lived assets
during 2009. 
 
 Impairment
Testing for Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 We
evaluate our equity method investments for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that there is a loss in value of the investment
attributable to an other than temporary decline. Examples of such
events or changes in circumstances include continuing operating losses of the
entity and/or long-term negative changes in the entity';s industry. In
the event we determine that the loss in value of an investment is other than a
temporary decline, we record a charge to equity earnings to adjust the carrying
value of the investment to its estimated fair value. See Note 9 for
information regarding impairment charges related to our unconsolidated
affiliates during 2007. 
 
 Income
Taxes 
 
 Provision
for income taxes is primarily applicable to our state tax obligations under the
Revised Texas Franchise Tax and certain federal and state tax obligations of
Seminole Pipeline Company (";Seminole";) and Dixie Pipeline Company (";Dixie";),
both of which are consolidated subsidiaries of ours. Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the
assets and liabilities of our tax paying entities for financial reporting and
tax purposes. 
 
 Since we
are structured as a pass-through entity, we are not subject to federal income
taxes. As a result, our partners are individually responsible for
paying federal income taxes on their share of our taxable
income. Since we do not have access to information regarding each
partner';s tax basis, we cannot readily determine the total difference in the
basis of our net assets for financial and tax reporting
purposes. 

 F-14 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 We must
recognize the tax effects of any uncertain tax positions we may adopt, if the
position taken by us is more likely than not sustainable. If a tax
position meets such criteria, the tax effect to be recognized by us would be the
largest amount of benefit with more than a 50% chance of being realized upon
settlement. See Note 16 for additional information regarding our
income taxes. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Inventories
primarily consist of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products, lubrication
oils and certain petrochemical products that are valued at the lower of average
cost or market (";LCM";). We capitalize, as a cost of inventory,
shipping and handling charges associated with such purchase volumes, terminal
storage fees, vessel inspection costs, demurrage charges and other related
costs. As volumes are sold and delivered out of inventory, the cost
of these volumes (including freight-in charges that have been capitalized as
part of inventory cost) are charged to operating costs and
expenses. Shipping and handling fees associated with products we sell
and deliver to customers are charged to operating costs and expenses as
incurred. See Note 7 for additional information regarding our
inventories. 
 
 Natural
Gas Imbalances 
 
 In the
natural gas pipeline transportation business, imbalances frequently result from
differences in natural gas volumes received from and delivered to our
customers. Such differences occur when a customer delivers more or
less gas into our pipelines than is physically redelivered back to them during a
particular time period. We have various fee-based agreements with
customers to transport their natural gas through our pipelines. Our
customers retain ownership of their natural gas shipped through our
pipelines. As such, our pipeline transportation activities are not
intended to create physical volume differences that would result in significant
accounting or economic events for either our customers or us during the course
of the arrangement. 
 
 We settle
pipeline gas imbalances through either (i) physical delivery of in-kind gas or
(ii) in cash. These settlements follow contractual guidelines or
common industry practices. As imbalances occur, they may be settled:
(i) on a monthly basis, (ii) at the end of the agreement or (iii) in accordance
with industry practice, including negotiated settlements. Certain of
our natural gas pipelines have a regulated tariff rate mechanism requiring
customer imbalance settlements each month at current market prices. 
 
 However,
the vast majority of our settlements are through in-kind arrangements whereby
incremental volumes are delivered to or received from a
customer. Such in-kind deliveries are ongoing and take place over
several periods. In some cases, settlements of imbalances built up
over a period of time are ultimately cashed out and are generally negotiated at
values which approximate average market prices over a period of
time. For those gas imbalances that are ultimately settled over
future periods, we estimate the value of such current assets and liabilities
using average market prices, which we believe is representative of the value of
the imbalances upon final settlement. Changes in natural gas prices
may impact our estimates. 
 
 The
following table presents our natural gas imbalance receivables/payables at the
dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Natural
 gas imbalance receivables (1) 

 $ 
 24.1 

 $ 
 63.4 

 Natural
 gas imbalance payables (2) 

 19.0 

 50.8 

 (1)
 Reflected
 as a component of ";Accounts and notes receivable &#8211; trade"; on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Reflected
 as a component of ";Accrued product payables"; on our Consolidated Balance
 Sheets. 

 Property,
Plant and Equipment 
 
 Property,
plant and equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for additions,
improvements and other enhancements to property, plant and equipment are
capitalized and minor replacements, maintenance, 

 F-15 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 and
repairs that do not extend asset life or add value are charged to expense as
incurred. When property, plant and equipment assets are retired or
otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation is removed
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the results of
operations for the respective period. 
 
 In
general, depreciation is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset';s
cost, less its residual value (if any), to the periods it
benefits. The majority of our property, plant and equipment is
depreciated using the straight-line method, which results in depreciation
expense being incurred evenly over the life of the assets. Our
estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic
lives and residual values of our assets. At the time we place our
assets in service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable. Under
our depreciation policy for midstream energy assets, the remaining economic
lives of such assets are limited to the estimated life of the natural resource
basins (based on proved reserves at the time of the analysis) from which such
assets derive their throughput or processing volumes. Our forecast of
the remaining life for the applicable resource basins is based on several
factors, including information published by the U.S. Energy Information
Administration. Where appropriate, we use other depreciation methods
(generally accelerated) for tax purposes. 
 
 Leasehold
improvements are recorded as a component of property, plant and
equipment. The cost of leasehold improvements is charged to earnings
using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or
the estimated useful lives of the improvements. We consider renewal
terms that are deemed reasonably assured when estimating remaining lease
terms. 
 
 Our assumptions regarding the useful
economic lives and residual values of our assets may change in response to new
facts and circumstances, which would change our depreciation amounts
prospectively. Examples of such circumstances include, but are not
limited to: (i) changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated
economic life of an asset; (ii) changes in technology that render an asset
obsolete; (iii) changes in expected salvage values or (iv) significant
changes in the forecast life of proved reserves of applicable resource basins,
if any. See Note 8 for additional information regarding our property,
plant and equipment. 
 
 Certain of our plant operations entail
periodic planned outages for major maintenance activities. These
planned shutdowns typically result in significant expenditures, which are
principally comprised of amounts paid to third parties for materials, contract
services and related items. We use the expense-as-incurred method for
our planned major maintenance activities; however, the cost of annual planned
major maintenance projects are deferred and recognized ratably over the
remaining portion of the calendar year in which such projects
occur. 
 
 Asset retirement obligations (";AROs";)
are legal obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets that result from their acquisition, construction, development and/or
normal operation. When an ARO is incurred, we record a liability for
the ARO and capitalize an equal amount as an increase in the carrying value of
the related long-lived asset. Over time, the liability is accreted to
its present value (accretion expense) and the capitalized amount is depreciated
over the remaining useful life of the related long-lived asset. We
will incur a gain or loss to the extent that our ARO liabilities are not settled
at their recorded amounts. 
 
 Restricted
Cash 
 
 Restricted
cash represents amounts held in connection with our commodity derivative
instruments portfolio and related physical natural gas and NGL
purchases. Additional cash may be restricted to maintain this
portfolio as commodity prices fluctuate or deposit requirements
change. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, our restricted cash amounts
were $63.6 million and $203.8 million, respectively. See Note 6 for
information regarding derivative instruments and hedging
activities. 

 F-16 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Revenue
Recognition 
 
 In general, we recognize revenue from
our customers when all of the following criteria are met: (i)
persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has
occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the buyer';s price is fixed or
determinable and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. See Note
4 for additional information regarding our revenue recognition
policies. 

 Note 3. Recent Accounting Developments 
 
 The
accounting standard setting bodies have recently issued the following guidance
that will or may affect our future financial statements: 
 
 Fair
Value Measurements . In January 2010, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (";FASB";) issued new guidance to improve
disclosures about fair value measurements. This new guidance requires the
following: 

 &#167; 

 Effective
 with the first quarter of 2010, additional disclosures will be required
 regarding the reporting of transfers of fair value information between the
 three levels of the fair value hierarchy (i.e., Levels 1, 2 and
 3). 

 &#167; 

 Effective
 with the first quarter of 2011, companies will need to present purchases,
 sales, issuances and settlements whose fair values are based on
 unobservable inputs on a gross
basis. 

 Other
than requiring enhanced fair value disclosures, we do not expect our adoption of
this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 
 
 Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities . In June 2009, the
FASB amended its consolidation guidance regarding variable interest
entities. In general, this new guidance places more emphasis on a
qualitative analysis, rather than a purely quantitative approach, in determining
which company should consolidate a variable interest entity. Our
adoption of this guidance on January 1, 2010 did not have any impact on our
consolidated financial statements. 

 Note 4. Revenue Recognition 
 
 The
following information provides a general description of our underlying revenue
recognition policies by business segment: 
 
 NGL
Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our NGL
Pipelines & Services include our (i) natural gas processing business and
related NGL marketing activities; (ii) NGL pipelines aggregating approximately
16,300 miles; (iii) NGL and related product storage and terminal facilities and
(iv) NGL fractionation facilities. This segment also includes our
import and export terminal operations. 
 
 In our natural gas processing business,
we enter into percent-of-liquids contracts, percent-of-proceeds contracts,
fee-based contracts, hybrid-contracts (i.e. a combination of percent-of-liquids
and fee-based contract terms), keepwhole contracts and margin-band
contracts. Under keepwhole and margin-band contracts, we take
ownership of mixed NGLs extracted from the producer';s natural gas stream and
recognize revenue when the extracted NGLs are delivered and sold to customers
under NGL marketing sales contracts. In the same way, revenue is
recognized under our percent-of-liquids contracts except that the volume of NGLs
we extract and sell is less than the total amount of NGLs extracted from the
producers'; natural gas. Under a percent-of-liquids contract, the
producer retains title to the remaining percentage of mixed NGLs we
extract. Under a percent-of-proceeds contract, we share in the
proceeds generated from the sale of the mixed NGLs we extract on the producer';s
behalf. If a cash fee for natural 

 F-17 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 gas
processing services is stipulated by the contract, we record revenue when the
natural gas has been processed and delivered to the producer. 
 
 Our NGL
marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of NGLs
obtained through our processing activities and spot and contract purchases from
third parties. Revenues from these sales contracts are recognized
when the NGLs are delivered to customers. In general, sales prices
referenced in these contracts are market-based and may include pricing
differentials for such factors as delivery location. 
 
 Under our
NGL pipeline transportation contracts and tariffs, revenue is recognized when
volumes have been delivered to customers. Revenue from these
contracts and tariffs is generally based upon a fixed fee per gallon of liquids
transported multiplied by the volume delivered. Transportation fees
charged under these arrangements are either contractual or regulated by
governmental agencies such as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(";FERC";). 
 
 We
collect storage revenues under our NGL and related product storage contracts
based on the number of days a customer has volumes in storage multiplied by a
storage rate (as defined in each contract). Under these contracts,
revenue is recognized ratably over the length of the storage
period. With respect to capacity reservation agreements, we collect a
fee for reserving storage capacity for certain customers in our underground
storage wells. Under these agreements, revenue is recognized ratably
over the specified reservation period. Excess storage fees are
collected when customers exceed their reservation amounts and are recognized in
the period of occurrence. In addition, we charge other customers
throughput fees based on volumes delivered into and subsequently withdrawn from
storage, which are recognized as the service is provided. 
 
 We enter
into fee-based arrangements and percent-of-liquids contracts for the NGL
fractionation services we provide to customers. Under such fee-based
arrangements, revenue is recognized in the period services are
provided. Such fee-based arrangements typically include a
base-processing fee (usually stated in cents per gallon) that is contractually
subject to adjustment for changes in certain fractionation expenses (e.g.
natural gas fuel costs). Certain of our NGL fractionation facilities
generate revenues using percent-of-liquids contracts. Such contracts
allow us to retain a contractually determined percentage of the customer';s
fractionated NGL products as payment for services rendered. Revenue
is recognized from such arrangements when we sell and deliver the retained NGLs
to customers. 
 
 Revenues
from product terminaling activities are recorded in the period such services are
provided. Customers are typically billed a fee per unit of volume
loaded or unloaded. With respect to our export terminal operations,
revenues may also include demand payments charged to customers who reserve the
use of our export facilities and later fail to use them. Demand fee
revenues are recognized when the customer fails to utilize the specified export
facility as required by contract. 
 
 Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines &
Services 
 
 Our Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines &
Services include approximately 19,200 miles of onshore natural gas pipeline
systems that provide for the gathering and transportation of natural gas in
Alabama, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas and
Wyoming. We own two salt dome natural gas storage facilities located
in Mississippi and lease natural gas storage facilities located in Texas and
Louisiana. This segment also includes our natural gas marketing
activities. 
 
 Our onshore natural gas pipelines
typically generate revenues from transportation agreements where shippers are
billed a fee per unit of volume transported (typically per million British
thermal units, or ";MMBtu";) multiplied by the volume gathered or
delivered. The transportation fees charged under these arrangements
are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the
FERC. Certain of our onshore natural gas pipelines offer firm
capacity reservation services whereby the shipper pays a contractually stated
fee based on the level of throughput capacity reserved in our pipelines whether
or not the shipper actually utilizes such capacity. Revenues under
firm capacity reservation agreements are recognized in the period the services
are provided. 

 F-18 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Revenues
from natural gas storage contracts typically have two components: (i) monthly
demand payments, which are associated with a customer';s storage capacity
reservations, and (ii) storage fees per unit of volume stored at our
facilities. Revenues from demand payments are recognized during the
period the customer reserves capacity. Revenues from storage fees are
recognized in the period the services are provided. 
 
 Our
natural gas marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery of
natural gas purchased from third parties on the open market. Revenues
from these sales contracts are recognized when the natural gas is delivered to
customers. In general, sales prices referenced in these contracts are
market-based and may include pricing differentials for such factors as delivery
location. 
 
 Onshore
Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our
Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services include approximately 4,400 miles of
onshore crude oil pipelines and 10.5 million barrels (";MMBbls";) of above-ground
storage tank capacity. This segment includes our crude oil marketing
activities. 
 
 Revenue from crude oil transportation
is generally based upon a fixed fee per barrel transported multiplied by the
volume delivered. The transportation fees charged under these
arrangements are either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies,
including the FERC. Revenues associated with these arrangements are
recognized when volumes have been delivered. 
 
 Under our
crude oil terminaling agreements, we charge customers for crude oil storage
based on the number of days a customer has volumes in storage multiplied by a
contractual storage rate. Under these contracts, revenue is
recognized ratably over the length of the storage period. With
respect to storage capacity reservation agreements, we collect a fee for
reserving storage capacity for customers at our terminals. Under
these agreements, revenue is recognized ratably over the specified reservation
period. In addition, we charge our customers throughput (or
";pumpover";) fees based on volumes withdrawn from our terminals. Crude
oil storage revenues are recognized ratably over the length of the storage
period. Revenues are also generated from fee-based trade
documentation services and are recognized as services are
completed. 
 
 Our crude oil marketing activities
generate revenues from the sale and delivery of crude oil obtained from
producers or on the open market. These sales contracts generally
settle with the physical delivery of crude oil to customers. In
general, the sales prices referenced in these contracts are market-based and may
include pricing differentials for such factors as delivery
location. 
 
 Offshore
Pipelines & Services 
 
 Our Offshore Pipelines & Services
include our (i) offshore natural gas pipelines, (ii) offshore Gulf of Mexico
crude oil pipeline systems and (iii) six multi-purpose offshore hub platforms
which serve production areas including some of the most active drilling and
development regions in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 Revenues
from our offshore pipelines are derived from fee-based agreements whereby the
customer is charged a fee per unit of volume gathered or transported (typically
per MMBtu of natural gas or per barrel of crude oil) multiplied by the volume
delivered. Revenues associated with these fee-based contracts and
tariffs are recognized when volumes have been delivered. 
 
 Revenues
from offshore platform services generally consist of demand fees and commodity
charges. Revenues from platform services are recognized in the period
the services are provided. Demand fees represent charges to customers
served by our offshore platforms regardless of the volume the customer actually
delivers to the platform. Revenues from commodity charges are based
on a fixed-fee per unit of volume delivered to the platform (typically per
million cubic feet of natural gas or per barrel of crude oil) multiplied by the
total volume of each product delivered. Contracts for platform
services often include both demand fees and commodity charges, but demand fees
generally expire after a contractually fixed period of time and in some
instances may be subject to cancellation by customers. Our
Independence Hub 

 F-19 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 offshore
platform earns a significant amount of demand revenues. The
Independence Hub platform will earn $54.6 million of demand fees annually
through March 2012. 
 
 Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services 
 
 Our Petrochemical & Refined
Products Services consist of (i) propylene fractionation plants and related
activities, (ii) butane isomerization facilities, (iii) an octane enhancement
facility, (iv) refined products pipelines, including our Products Pipeline
System, and related activities and (v) marine transportation assets and other
services. 
 
 Our
propylene fractionation and butane isomerization facilities generate revenues
through fee-based arrangements, which typically include a base-processing fee
per gallon (or other unit of measurement) subject to adjustment for changes in
natural gas, electricity and labor costs, which are the primary costs of
propylene fractionation and butane isomerization. Revenues resulting
from such agreements are recognized in the period the services are
provided. 
 
 Our
petrochemical marketing activities generate revenues from the sale and delivery
of products obtained through our propylene fractionation activities and
purchases of petrochemical products from third parties on the open
market. Revenues from these sales contracts are recognized when such
products are delivered to customers. In general, we sell our
petrochemical products at market-based prices, which may include pricing
differentials for such factors as delivery location. 
 
 Our
refined products pipelines, including our Products Pipeline System, generate
revenues through fee-based contracts or tariffs as customers are billed a fixed
fee per barrel of liquids transported multiplied by the volume
delivered. Transportation fees charged under these arrangements are
either contractual or regulated by governmental agencies, including the
FERC. Revenues associated with these fee-based contracts and tariffs
are recognized when volumes have been delivered. Revenues from our
refined products storage facilities are based on the number of days a customer
has volumes in storage multiplied by a contractual storage
rate. Under these contracts, revenue is recognized ratably over the
length of the storage period. Revenues from product terminaling
activities are recorded in the period such services are
provided. Customers are typically billed a fee per unit of volume
loaded. 
 
 Revenue
is also generated from the provision of inland and offshore transportation of
refined products, crude oil, condensate, asphalt, heavy fuel oil and other
heated oil products via tow boats and tank barges. Under our marine
services transportation contracts, revenue is recognized over the transit time
of individual tows as determined on an individual contract basis, which is
generally less than ten days in duration. Revenue from these
contracts is typically based on set day rates or a set fee per cargo
movement. Most of the marine services transportation contracts
include escalation provisions to recover increased operating costs such as
incremental increases in labor. The costs of fuel, substantially all
of which is a pass through expense, and other specified operational fees and
costs are directly reimbursed by the customer under most of the
contracts. 
 
 The
results of operations from the distribution of lubrication oils and specialty
chemicals and the bulk transportation of fuels are dependent on the sales price
or transportation fees that we charge our customers. Revenue is
recognized for sales transactions and transportation arrangements when the
product is delivered. 

 F-20 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 5. Equity-based Awards 
 
 The
following table summarizes the expense we recognized in connection with
equity-based awards for the periods presented: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Restricted
 unit awards (1) 

 $ 
 12.9 

 $ 
 10.9 

 $ 
 8.7 

 Unit
 option awards (1) 

 1.8 

 0.7 

 4.5 

 Unit
 appreciation rights (2) 

 0.1 

 -- 

 0.1 

 Phantom
 units (2) 

 0.2 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 2.3 

 Profits
 interests awards (1) 

 8.5 

 6.3 

 4.3 

 Total
 compensation expense 

 $ 
 23.5 

 $ 
 17.4 

 $ 
 19.9 

 (1) Accounted
 for as equity-classified awards. 
 (2) Accounted
 for as liability-classified awards. 

 The fair value of an equity-classified
award (e.g., a restricted unit award) is amortized to earnings on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service or vesting
period. Compensation expense for liability-classified awards (e.g.,
unit appreciation rights (";UARs";)) is recognized over the requisite service or
vesting period of an award based on the fair value of the award remeasured at
each reporting period. Liability-classified awards are settled in
cash upon vesting. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, our active long-term incentive plans are the Enterprise
Products 1998 Long-Term Incentive Plan (";1998 Plan";), the TEPPCO 1999 Phantom
Unit Retention Plan (";1999 Plan";), the Enterprise Products 2006 TPP Long-Term
Incentive Plan (";2006 Plan";) and the Amended and Restated 2008 Enterprise
Products Long-Term Incentive Plan (";2008 Plan";). Two plans were
dissolved during 2009: TEPPCO 2000 Long-Term Incentive Plan (";2000
Plan";) and TEPPCO 2005 Phantom Unit Plan (";2005 Plan";). 
 
 The 1998
Plan provides for awards of our common units and other rights to our
non-employee directors and to employees of EPCO and its affiliates providing
services to us. Awards under the 1998 Plan may be granted in the form
of unit options, restricted units, phantom units, UARs and distribution
equivalent rights (";DERs";). Up to 7,000,000 of our common units may
be issued as awards under the 1998 Plan. After giving effect to
awards granted under the plan through December 31, 2009, a total of 652,543
additional common units could be issued. 
 
 The 1999
Plan provided key employees of EPCO who work on our behalf with phantom unit
awards. This plan terminated in January 2010. 
 
 The 2006
Plan currently provides for awards of our common units (formerly of TEPPCO
units) and other rights to our non-employee directors and to employees of EPCO
and its affiliates providing services to us. Awards under the 2006
Plan may be granted in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom
units, UARs and DERs. Effective upon the consummation of the TEPPCO
Merger (see Note 1), we assumed the vested and unvested options, restricted
units and UAR awards outstanding on October 26, 2009 under the 2006 Plan and
converted them into our options, restricted units and UAR awards based on the
TEPPCO Merger exchange ratio. The vesting terms of each award and
other provisions of the plan remain unchanged. 
 
 The
2008 Plan provides for awards of our common units and other rights to our
non-employee directors and to consultants and employees of EPCO and its
affiliates providing services to us. Awards under the 2008 Plan may
be granted in the form of unit options, restricted units, phantom units, UARs
and DERs. Up to 10,000,000 of our common units may be issued as
awards under the 2008 Plan. After giving effect to awards granted
under the plan through December 31, 2009, a total of 7,865,000 additional common
units could be issued. 

 F-21 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 An
allocated portion of the fair value of these long-term incentive plan
equity-based awards is charged to us under the administrative services agreement
(";ASA";). See Note 15 for a general description of the ASA with
EPCO. With the exception of certain amounts recorded in connection
with EPCO Unit, as defined later in this note, we are not responsible for
reimbursing EPCO for any expenses associated with such awards. We
recognize an expense for our allocated share of the grant date fair value of
such awards, with an offsetting amount recorded in equity. Beginning
in February 2009, the ASA was amended to provide that we and other affiliates of
EPCO will reimburse EPCO for our allocated share of distributions of cash or
securities made to the Class B limited partners of EPCO Unit. Our
reimbursements to EPCO during 2009 in connection with EPCO Unit were $0.5
million. 
 
 On
December 10, 2009, the board of directors of DEP GP unanimously approved a
resolution adopting both the 2010 Duncan Energy Partners L.P. Long-Term
Incentive Plan (";2010 Plan";) and the DEP Unit Purchase Plan (";DEP EUPP";). 
The 2010 Plan provides for awards of options to purchase Duncan Energy Partners';
common units, restricted common units, UARs, phantom units and DERs to
employees, directors or consultants providing services to Duncan Energy
Partners. The DEP EUPP provides eligible employees the opportunity to
purchase common units at a discount through withholdings from eligible
compensation. On December 30, 2009, the action taken by the
board of directors of DEP GP regarding the plans was approved by written consent
of EPO, which held approximately 58.6% of Duncan Energy Partners'; outstanding
common units as of that date. Because EPO held a majority of Duncan
Energy Partners'; common units as of December 30, 2009, no other votes were
necessary to adopt the plans. In February 2010, Duncan Energy Partners
filed a registration statement with the SEC authorizing the issuance of up to
500,000 common units in connection with the 2010 Plan and 500,000 common units
in connection with the DEP EUPP. The plans became effective on February
11, 2010. 
 
 Restricted
Unit Awards 
 
 Restricted
unit awards allow recipients to acquire common units of Enterprise Products
Partners (at no cost to the recipient) once a defined vesting period expires,
subject to customary forfeiture provisions. The restrictions on such
awards generally lapse four years from the date of grant. The fair
value of restricted units is based on the market price per unit of the
underlying security on the date of grant. Compensation expense is recognized
based on the grant date fair value, net of an allowance for estimated
forfeitures. As used in the context of our long-term incentive plans,
the term ";restricted unit"; represents a time-vested unit. Such awards
are non-vested until the required service period expires. 

 F-22 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table summarizes information regarding our restricted unit awards for
the periods indicated: 

 Weighted- 

 Average
 Grant 

 Number
 of 

 Date
 Fair Value 

 Units 

 per Unit
 (1) 

 Restricted
 units at December 31, 2006 

 1,105,237 

 $ 
 24.79 

 Granted
 (2) 

 738,040 

 $ 
 30.64 

 Vested 

 (4,884 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 25.28 

 Forfeited 

 (36,800 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 23.51 

 Settled
 (3) 

 (113,053 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 23.24 

 Restricted
 units at December 31, 2007 

 1,688,540 

 $ 
 27.23 

 Granted
 (4) 

 766,200 

 $ 
 30.73 

 Vested 

 (285,363 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 23.11 

 Forfeited 

 (88,777 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26.98 

 Restricted
 units at December 31, 2008 

 2,080,600 

 $ 
 29.09 

 Granted
 (5) 

 1,025,650 

 $ 
 24.89 

 Vested 

 (281,500 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26.70 

 Forfeited 

 (411,884 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 28.37 

 Awards
 assumed in connection with TEPPCO Merger 

 308,016 

 $ 
 27.64 

 Restricted
 units at December 31, 2009 

 2,720,882 

 $ 
 27.70 

 (1)
 Determined
 by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of awards before an
 allowance for forfeitures by the number of awards issued. With
 respect to restricted unit awards assumed in connection with the TEPPCO
 Merger, the weighted-average grant date fair value per unit was determined
 by dividing the aggregate grant date fair value of the assumed awards
 before an allowance for forfeitures by the number of awards
 assumed. 
 (2)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of restricted unit awards issued during 2007 was
 $22.6 million based on grant date market prices of our common units
 ranging from $28.00 to $31.83 per unit. Estimated forfeiture rates ranging
 between 4.6% and 17% were applied to these awards. 
 (3)
 Reflects
 the settlement of restricted units in connection with the resignation of
 our general partner';s former chief executive officer. 
 (4)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of restricted unit awards issued during 2008 was
 $23.5 million based on grant date market prices of our common units
 ranging from $25.00 to $32.31 per unit. An estimated forfeiture rate
 of 17% was applied to these awards. 
 (5)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of restricted unit awards issued during 2009 was
 $25.5 million based on grant date market prices of our common units
 ranging from $20.08 to $28.73 per unit. Estimated forfeiture rates ranging
 between 4.6% and 17% were applied to these awards. 

 Each
recipient is also entitled to cash distributions equal to the product of the
number of restricted units outstanding for the participant and the cash
distribution per unit paid by the respective issuer. Since restricted
units are issued securities, such distributions are reflected as a component of
cash distributions to partners as shown on our Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows. The following table presents cash distributions with respect
to our restricted units and supplemental information regarding our restricted
units for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Cash
 distributions paid to restricted unit holders 

 $ 
 5.2 

 $ 
 3.9 

 $ 
 2.6 

 Total
 fair value of restricted unit awards vesting during period 

 7.5 

 6.6 

 0.1 

 On a
gross basis, the total unrecognized compensation cost of such awards was $37.9
million at December 31, 2009, of which our share is currently estimated to be
$35.7 million. We expect to recognize our share of the unrecognized
compensation cost for these awards over a weighted-average period of 2.3
years. 
 
 Unit
Option Awards 
 
 Certain
of our long-term incentive plans provide for the issuance of non-qualified
incentive options to purchase a fixed number of our common
units. When issued, the exercise price of each option grant may be no
less than the market price of the underlying security on the date of
grant. In general, 

 F-23 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 options
granted under the EPCO plans have a vesting period of four years and remain
exercisable for five to ten years, as applicable, from the date of
grant. 
 
 The fair
value of each unit option is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, which incorporates various assumptions
including expected life of the options, risk-free interest rates, expected
distribution yield on our common units, and expected unit price volatility of
our common units. In general, our assumption of expected life of the
options represents the period of time that the options are expected to be
outstanding based on an analysis of historical option activity. Our
selection of the risk-free interest rate is based on published yields for U.S.
government securities with comparable terms. The expected
distribution yield and unit price volatility is estimated based on several
factors, which include an analysis of our historical unit price volatility and
distribution yield over a period equal to the expected life of the
option. 
 
 During
2008, in response to changes in the federal tax code applicable to certain types
of equity awards, we amended the terms of certain of our outstanding unit
options. In general, the expiration dates of these awards were modified
from May and August 2017 to December 2012. 
 
 In order
to fund its unit option-related obligations, EPCO may purchase common units at
fair value either in the open market or directly from us. When
employees exercise unit options, we reimburse EPCO for the cash difference
between the strike price paid by the employee and the actual purchase price paid
by EPCO for the units issued to the employee. 

 F-24 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table presents unit option activity under the EPCO plans for the
periods indicated: 

 Weighted- 

 Weighted- 

 Average 

 Average 

 Remaining 

 Aggregate 

 Number
 of 

 Strike
 Price 

 Contractual 

 Intrinsic 

 Units 

 (dollars/unit) 

 Term
 (in years) 

 Value
 (1) 

 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2006 

 2,416,000 

 $ 
 23.32 

 Granted
 (2) 

 895,000 

 30.63 

 Exercised 

 (256,000 
 ) 

 19.26 

 Settled
 or forfeited (3) 

 (740,000 
 ) 

 24.62 

 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2007 

 2,315,000 

 26.18 

 Granted
 (4) 

 795,000 

 30.93 

 Exercised 

 (61,500 
 ) 

 20.38 

 Forfeited 

 (85,000 
 ) 

 26.72 

 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2008 

 2,963,500 

 27.56 

 Granted
 (5) 

 1,460,000 

 23.46 

 Exercised 

 (261,000 
 ) 

 19.61 

 Forfeited 

 (930,540 
 ) 

 26.69 

 Awards
 assumed in connection with
 TEPPCO Merger 

 593,960 

 26.12 

 Outstanding at December 31,
 2009 (6) 

 3,825,920 

 26.52 

 4.6 

 $ 
 2.8 

 Options
 exercisable at: 

 December
 31, 2007 

 335,000 

 $ 
 22.06 

 4.0 

 $ 
 3.3 

 December
 31, 2008 

 548,500 

 $ 
 21.47 

 4.1 

 $ 
 -- 

 December
 31, 2009 (6) 

 447,500 

 $ 
 25.09 

 4.8 

 $ 
 2.8 

 (1)
 Aggregate
 intrinsic value reflects fully vested unit options at the date
 indicated. 
 (2)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of these unit options issued during 2007 was $2.4
 million based on the following assumptions: (i) a weighted-average grant
 date market price of our common units of $30.63 per unit; (ii) expected
 life of options of 7.0 years; (iii) weighted-average risk-free interest
 rate of 4.8%; (iv) weighted-average expected distribution yield on our
 common units of 8.4% and (v) weighted-average expected unit price
 volatility on our common units of 23.2%. 
 (3)
 Includes
 the settlement of 710,000 options in connection with the resignation of
 our general partner';s former chief executive officer. 
 (4)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of these unit options issued during 2008 was $1.9
 million based on the following assumptions: (i) a grant date market price
 of our common units of $30.93 per unit; (ii) expected life of options of
 4.7 years; (iii) risk-free interest rate of 3.3%; (iv) expected
 distribution yield on our common units of 7.0% and (v) expected unit price
 volatility on our common units of 19.8%. An estimated forfeiture rate
 of 17% was applied to awards granted during 2008. 
 (5)
 Aggregate
 grant date fair value of these unit options issued during 2009 was $8.1
 million based on the following assumptions: (i) a weighted-average grant
 date market price of our common units of $23.46 per unit; (ii)
 weighted-average expected life of options of 4.8 years; (iii)
 weighted-average risk-free interest rate of 2.1%; (iv) weighted-average
 expected distribution yield on our common units of 9.4% and (v)
 weighted-average expected unit price volatility on our common units of
 57.4%. An estimated forfeiture rate of 17% was applied to awards
 granted during 2009. 
 (6)
 We
 were committed to issue 3,825,920 and 2,963,500 of our common units at
 December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, if all outstanding options
 awarded (as of these dates) were exercised. Of the option awards
 outstanding at December 31, 2009, an additional 410,000, 712,280, 736,000
 and 1,520,140 are exercisable in 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2014,
 respectively. 

 The
following table presents supplemental information regarding our unit
options: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total
 intrinsic value of option awards exercised during period 

 $ 
 2.4 

 $ 
 0.6 

 $ 
 3.0 

 Cash
 received from EPCO in connection with the exercise
 of unit option awards 

 1.7 

 0.7 

 7.6 

 Option-related
 reimbursements to EPCO 

 2.4 

 0.6 

 3.0 

 On a
gross basis, the total unrecognized compensation cost of such awards was $7.3
million at December 31, 2009 of which our share is currently estimated to be
$6.3 million. We expect to recognize our share of the unrecognized
compensation cost for these awards over a weighted-average period of 2.9
years. 

 F-25 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Profits
Interests Awards 
 
 As
long-term incentive arrangements, EPCO has granted its key employees who perform
services on behalf of us, EPCO and other affiliated companies, ";profits
interests"; in several limited partnerships (the ";Employee Partnerships";), all of
which are private company affiliates of EPCO. At December 31, 2009,
the Employee Partnerships are EPE Unit I, EPE Unit II, EPE Unit III, Enterprise
Unit and EPCO Unit. TEPPCO Unit L.P. and TEPPCO Unit II L.P. were
dissolved during 2009. 
 
 Profits
interests awards entitle each holder to participate in the expected long-term
appreciation in value of the equity securities owned by each Employee
Partnership. The Employee Partnerships in which our named executive
officers participate own either units of Enterprise GP Holdings or Enterprise
Products Partners or a combination of both. The profits interests
awards are subject to customary forfeiture provisions. 
 
 Each
Employee Partnership has a single Class A limited partner, which is a privately
held indirect subsidiary of EPCO, and a varying number of Class B limited
partners. At formation, the Class A limited partner either
contributes cash or limited partner units it owns to the Employee
Partnership. If cash is contributed, the Employee Partnership uses
these funds to acquire limited partner units on the open market. In
general, the Class A limited partner earns a preferred return (either fixed or
variable depending on the partnership agreement) on its investment (or ";Capital
Base";) in the Employee Partnership and residual quarterly cash amounts, if any,
are distributed to the Class B limited partners. Upon liquidation,
Employee Partnership assets having a fair market value equal to the Class A
limited partner';s Capital Base, plus any preferred return for the period in
which liquidation occurs, will be distributed to the Class A limited
partner. Any remaining assets will be distributed to the Class B
limited partner(s) as a residual profits interest and are a factor of the
appreciation in value of the partnership';s assets since its formation
date. 
 
 The grant
date fair value of each Employee Partnership is based on (i) the estimated value
of the remaining assets, as determined using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model, that would be distributed to the Class B limited partners upon
dissolution of the Employee Partnership and (ii) the value, based on a
discounted cash flow analysis using appropriate discount rates, of the residual
quarterly cash amounts that the Class B limited partners are expected to receive
over the life of the Employee Partnership. 
 
 The
following table summarizes key elements of each Employee Partnership as of
December 31, 2009. As used in the table in reference to the
description of assets, ";EPE"; means Enterprise GP Holdings L.P. and ";EPD"; means
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 Initial 

 Class
 A 

 Class
 A 

 Partner 

 Grant
 Date 

 Unrecognized 

 Employee 

 Description 

 Capital 

 Preferred 

 Liquidation 

 Fair
 Value 

 Compensation 

 Partnership 

 of
 Assets 

 Base 

 Return 

 Date
 (1) 

 of
 Awards 

 Cost 

 EPE
 Unit I 

 1,821,428
 EPE units 

 $51.0
 million 

 4.50%
 to 5.725% 

 February
 2016 

 $21.5
 million 

 $12.1
 million 

 EPE
 Unit II 

 40,725
 EPE units 

 $1.5
 million 

 4.50%
 to 5.725% 

 February
 2016 

 $0.4
 million 

 $0.3
 million 

 EPE
 Unit III 

 4,421,326
 EPE units 

 $170.0
 million 

 3.80% 

 February
 2016 

 $42.8
 million 

 $30.8
 million 

 Enterprise
 Unit 

 881,836
 EPE units 
 844,552
 EPD units 

 $51.5
 million 

 5.00% 

 February
 2016 

 $6.5
 million 

 $5.3
 million 

 EPCO
 Unit 

 779,102
 EPD units 

 $17.0
 million 

 4.87% 

 February
 2016 

 $8.1
 million 

 $6.5
 million 

 (1)
 The
 liquidation date may be accelerated for change of control and other events
 as described in the underlying partnership
 agreements. 

 F-26 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The total
unrecognized compensation cost of the profits interests awards was $55.0 million
at December 31, 2009 of which our share is currently estimated to be $43.5
million. We expect to recognize our share of the unrecognized
compensation cost for these awards over a weighted-average period of 6.1
years. 
 
 In
December 2009, the expected liquidation date for each Employee Partnership was
extended to February 2016. This modification follows a similar set of
modifications made in July 2008 for EPE Unit I, EPE Unit II and EPE Unit III
that extended liquidation dates as well as reduced the Class A limited partner';s
preferred return rates. These modifications are intended to align the
interests of the employee partners of the Employee Partnerships with the
long-term interests of EPCO and other unitholders in the relevant underlying
publicly traded partnerships, which also hold indirectly a significant ownership
interest in both us and our subsidiaries. 
 
 The following table presents the impact
of modifications (e.g., extension of liquidation dates) and other changes on the
aggregate grant date fair value (on an unallocated basis) of the Employee
Partnerships for the periods presented. 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Aggregate
 grant date fair values at beginning of period 

 $ 
 64.6 

 $ 
 35.4 

 $ 
 12.8 

 New
 Employee Partnership grants (1,2) 

 -- 

 14.6 

 23.0 

 Award
 modifications 

 19.5 

 15.0 

 -- 

 Other
 adjustments, primarily forfeiture and regrant activity (2) 

 (4.8 
 ) 

 (0.4 
 ) 

 (0.4 
 ) 

 Aggregate
 grant date fair value at end of period 

 $ 
 79.3 

 $ 
 64.6 

 $ 
 35.4 

 (1)
 EPE
 Unit III was formed in 2007 and EPCO Unit and Enterprise Unit were formed
 in 2008. 
 (2)
 TEPPCO
 Unit and TEPPCO Unit II were formed during 2008 and dissolved during
 2009. 

 The following table summarizes the
assumptions we used in deriving that portion of the estimated grant date fair
value for each Employee Partnership using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model: 

 Expected 

 Risk-Free 

 Expected 

 Expected
 Unit 

 Employee 

 Life 

 Interest 

 Distribution 

 Price 

 Partnership 

 of
 Award 

 Rate 

 Yield 

 Volatility 

 EPE
 Unit I 

 3
 to 6 years 

 1.2%
 to 5.0% 

 3.0%
 to 6.7% 

 16.6%
 to 35.0% 

 EPE
 Unit II 

 4
 to 6 years 

 1.6%
 to 4.4% 

 3.8%
 to 6.4% 

 18.7%
 to 31.7% 

 EPE
 Unit III 

 4
 to 6 years 

 1.4%
 to 4.9% 

 4.0%
 to 6.4% 

 16.6%
 to 32.2% 

 Enterprise
 Unit 

 4
 to 6 years 

 1.4%
 to 3.9% 

 4.5%
 to 8.4% 

 15.3%
 to 31.7% 

 EPCO
 Unit 

 4
 to 6 years 

 1.6%
 to 2.4% 

 8.1%
 to 11.1% 

 27.0%
 to 50.0% 

 Phantom
Units 
 
 Certain
of our long-term incentive plans provide for the issuance of phantom unit
awards. These awards are automatically redeemed for cash based on the
fair value of the vested portion of phantom units at redemption dates in each
award. The fair value of each phantom unit award is equal to the
closing market price of the underlying security on the redemption
date. Each participant is required to redeem their phantom units as
they vest, which typically is three to four years from the date the award is
granted. Our phantom units are accounted for as liability
awards. 
 
 Certain
of our long-term incentive plans also provide for the award of DERs in tandem
with phantom unit awards. A DER entitles the participant to cash
distributions equal to the product of the number of awards outstanding for the
participant and the cash distribution rate per unit paid by the issuer to its
unitholders. Such amounts are expensed when paid. 

 F-27 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table presents additional information regarding our phantom unit
awards for the periods indicated: 

 Phantom
 Unit Awards Issued by 

 TEPPCO 

 Enterprise 
 Products 
 Partners 

 Total 

 Phantom
 units at December 31, 2006 

 154,479 

 -- 

 154,479 

 Granted 

 259 

 -- 

 259 

 Vested 

 (13,533 
 ) 

 -- 

 (13,533 
 ) 

 Settled
 or forfeited 

 (13,800 
 ) 

 -- 

 (13,800 
 ) 

 Phantom
 units at December 31, 2007 

 127,405 

 -- 

 127,405 

 Granted 

 1,698 

 4,400 

 6,098 

 Vested 

 (58,168 
 ) 

 -- 

 (58,168 
 ) 

 Settled
 or forfeited 

 (1,600 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1,600 
 ) 

 Phantom
 units at December 31, 2008 

 69,335 

 4,400 

 73,735 

 Granted 

 124 

 6,200 

 6,324 

 Vested 

 (61,519 
 ) 

 -- 

 (61,519 
 ) 

 Settled
 or forfeited 

 (4,447 
 ) 

 -- 

 (4,447 
 ) 

 Awards
 assumed in connection with TEPPCO Merger 

 (3,493 
 ) 

 4,327 

 834 

 Phantom
 units at December 31, 2009 

 -- 

 14,927 

 14,927 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Accrued
 liability for phantom unit awards, at end of period 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 1.2 

 $ 
 4.5 

 Liabilities
 paid for phantom unit awards 

 1.2 

 2.5 

 0.6 

 At
December 31, 2009, only the 2008 Plan and the 1999 Plan had significant phantom
units outstanding. These awards will settle as
follows: 4,327 in 2010, 4,400 in 2011 and 6,200 in
2012. The 2000 Plan and 2005 Plan also issued phantom units, all of
which had vested and settled prior to December 31, 2009. The 3,472
phantom units outstanding under the 1999 Plan were settled in January 2010 and
the plan terminated. 
 
 Unit
Appreciation Rights 
 
 UARs entitle a participant to receive a
cash payment on the vesting date equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market
value of the underlying security (determined as of a future vesting date) over
the grant date fair value of the award. UARs are accounted for as
liability awards. The following table presents additional information
regarding our UARs for the periods indicated: 

 UARs
 Issued by 

 TEPPCO 

 Enterprise 
 Products 
 Partners 

 EPE 

 Total 

 UARs
 at December 31, 2006 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Granted 

 404,704 

 -- 

 90,000 

 494,704 

 Settled
 or forfeited 

 (2,756 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2,756 
 ) 

 UARs
 at December 31, 2007 

 401,948 

 -- 

 90,000 

 491,948 

 Granted 

 29,429 

 -- 

 -- 

 29,429 

 UARs
 at December 31, 2008 

 431,377 

 -- 

 90,000 

 521,377 

 Settled
 or forfeited 

 (166,217 
 ) 

 (186,614 
 ) 

 -- 

 (352,831 
 ) 

 Awards
 assumed in connection with the TEPPCO Merger 

 (265,160 
 ) 

 328,810 

 -- 

 63,650 

 UARs
 at December 31, 2009 

 -- 

 142,196 

 90,000 

 232,196 

 At
 December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Accrued
 liability for UARs 

 $ 
 0.3 

 $ 
 0.1 

 $ 
 0.1 

 At
December 31, 2009, 142,196 UARs had been granted under the 2006 Plan to certain
employees of EPCO who work on our behalf. These awards are subject to
five year cliff vesting requirements and are 

 F-28 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 expected
to settle in 2012. The grant date fair value with respect to these
UARs is based on an Enterprise Products Partners'; unit price of
$37.00. If the employee resigns prior to vesting, these UAR awards
are forfeited. 
 
 Prior to
the TEPPCO Merger, 95,654 UARs had been granted to the non-employee former
directors of TEPPCO under the 2006 Plan. The awards were settled in
October 2009 and $0.1 million in cash was paid to the former
directors. 
 
 The
non-employee directors of DEP GP, the general partner of Duncan Energy Partners,
have been granted UARs in the form of letter agreements. These
liability awards are not part of any established long-term incentive plan of
EPCO, Enterprise GP Holdings, Duncan Energy Partners or us. The
compensation expense associated with these awards is recognized by DEP GP, which
is our consolidated subsidiary. At December 31, 2009, there were a
total of 90,000 outstanding UARs granted to non-employee directors of DEP GP
that cliff vest in 2012. If a director resigns prior to vesting, his
UAR awards are forfeited. The grant date fair value with respect to
these UARs is based on an Enterprise GP Holdings'; unit price of
$36.68. 

 Note 6. Derivative Instruments, Hedging Activities and
Fair Value Measurements 
 
 In the
course of our normal business operations, we are exposed to certain risks,
including changes in interest rates, commodity prices and, to a limited extent,
foreign exchange rates. In order to manage risks associated with
certain identifiable and anticipated transactions, we use derivative
instruments. Derivatives are instruments whose fair value is
determined by changes in a specified benchmark such as interest rates, commodity
prices or currency values. Fair value is generally defined as the
amount at which a derivative instrument could be exchanged in a current
transaction between willing parties, not in a forced sale. Typical
derivative instruments include futures, forward contracts, swaps, options and
other instruments with similar characteristics. Substantially all of
our derivatives are used for non-trading activities. 
 
 We are required to recognize derivative
instruments at fair value as either assets or liabilities on the balance
sheet. While all derivatives are required to be reported at fair
value on the balance sheet, changes in fair value of the derivative instruments
are reported in different ways depending on the nature and effectiveness of the
hedging activities to which they are related. After meeting specified
conditions, a qualified derivative may be specifically designated as a total or
partial hedge of: 

 &#167; 

 Changes
 in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability, or an unrecognized
 firm commitment - In a fair value hedge, gains and losses for both the
 derivative instrument and the hedged item are recognized in income during
 the period of change. 

 &#167; 

 Variable
 cash flows of a forecasted transaction - In a cash flow hedge, the
 effective portion of the hedge is reported in other comprehensive income
 or loss (";OCI";) and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted
 transaction affects earnings. 

 &#167; 

 Foreign
 currency exposure - A foreign currency hedge can be treated as either a
 fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge depending on the risk being
 hedged. 

 An effective hedge relationship is one
in which the change in fair value of a derivative instrument can be expected to
offset 80% to 125% of changes in the fair value of a hedged item at inception
and throughout the life of the hedging relationship. The effective
portion of a hedge relationship is the amount by which the derivative instrument
exactly offsets the change in fair value of the hedged item during the reporting
period. Conversely, ineffectiveness represents the change in the fair
value of the derivative instrument that does not exactly offset the change in
the fair value of the hedged item. Any ineffectiveness associated
with a hedge relationship is recognized in earnings
immediately. Ineffectiveness can be caused by, among other things,
changes in the timing of forecasted transactions or a mismatch of terms between
the derivative instrument and the hedged item. 

 F-29 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 A contract designated as a cash flow
hedge of an anticipated transaction that is probable of not occurring is
immediately recognized in earnings. 
 
 Interest
Rate Derivative Instruments 
 
 We utilize interest rate swaps,
treasury locks and similar derivative instruments to manage our exposure to
changes in the interest rates of certain consolidated debt
agreements. This strategy is a component in controlling our cost of
capital associated with such borrowings. 
 
 The following table summarizes our
interest rate derivative instruments outstanding at December 31, 2009, all of
which were designated as hedging instruments under the FASB';s derivative and
hedging guidance: 

 Number
 and Type of 

 Notional 

 Period
 of 

 Rate 

 Accounting 

 Hedged
 Transaction 

 Derivative
 Employed 

 Amount 

 Hedge 

 Swap 

 Treatment 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners: 

 Senior
 Notes C 

 1
 fixed-to-floating swap 

 $100.0 

 1/04
 to 2/13 

 6.4%
 to 2.8% 

 Fair
 value hedge 

 Senior
 Notes G 

 3
 fixed-to-floating swaps 

 $300.0 

 10/04
 to 10/14 

 5.6%
 to 1.5% 

 Fair
 value hedge 

 Senior
 Notes P 

 7
 fixed-to-floating swaps 

 $400.0 

 6/09
 to 8/12 

 4.6%
 to 2.7% 

 Fair
 value hedge 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners: 

 Variable-interest
 rate borrowings 

 3
 floating-to-fixed swaps 

 $175.0 

 9/07
 to 9/10 

 0.3%
 to 4.6% 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Changes
in the fair value of the interest rate swaps and the related hedged items were
recorded on the balance sheet with the offset recorded as interest expense.
 Cash flow hedges fix the interest rate paid on floating rate debt with the
difference between the floating rate and fixed rate being recorded as an
increase or decrease to interest expense. This combined activity resulted
in an increase of interest expense of $1.9 million and $0.6 million for the
years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. 
 
 At times,
we may use treasury lock derivative instruments to hedge the underlying U.S.
treasury rates related to forecasted issuances of debt. As cash flow
hedges, gains or losses on these instruments are recorded in OCI and amortized
into earnings using the effective interest method over the estimated term of the
underlying fixed-rate debt. During 2008, we terminated treasury locks
with a combined notional amount of $1.2 billion and recognized an aggregate loss
of $43.9 million in OCI related to these terminations. 
 
 During
the year ended December 31, 2009, we entered into four forward starting interest
rate swaps to hedge the underlying benchmark interest payments related to the
forecasted issuances of debt. 

 Number
 and Type of 

 Notional 

 Period
 of 

 Average
 Rate 

 Accounting 

 Hedged
 Transaction 

 Derivative
 Employed 

 Amount 

 Hedge 

 Locked 

 Treatment 

 Future
 debt offering 

 1
 forward starting swap 

 $50.0 

 6/10
 to 6/20 

 3.3% 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Future
 debt offering 

 3
 forward starting swaps 

 $250.0 

 2/11
 to 2/21 

 3.6% 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Forward
starting interest rate swaps are used to hedge the underlying benchmark interest
payments related to the forecasted issuances of debt. The fair market
value of the forward starting swaps was $21.0 million at December 31,
2009. During January and February 2010, we entered into five
additional forward starting swaps with a notional amount of $50.0 million
each. The period hedged by these five forward starting swaps is
February 2012 through February 2022. 

 F-30 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Commodity
Derivative Instruments 
 
 The prices of natural gas, NGLs, crude
oil, refined products and certain petrochemical products are subject to
fluctuations in response to changes in supply and demand, market conditions and
a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. In order
to manage the price risk associated with certain exposures, we enter into
commodity derivative instruments such as forwards, basis swaps, futures and
options contracts. The following table summarizes our commodity
derivative instruments outstanding at December 31, 2009: 

 Volume
 (1) 

 Accounting 

 Derivative
 Purpose 

 Current 

 Long-Term
 (2) 

 Treatment 

 Derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments: 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners: 

 Natural
 gas processing: 

 Forecasted
 natural gas purchases for plant thermal reduction (";PTR";)
 (3) 

 17.8
 Bcf 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Forecasted
 NGL sales (4) 

 2.4
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Octane
 enhancement: 

 Forecasted
 purchases of NGLs 

 2.0
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 NGLs
 inventory management 

 0.1
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Forecasted
 sales of octane enhancement products 

 3.4
 MMBbls 

 0.4
 MMBbls 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Natural
 gas marketing: 

 Natural
 gas storage inventory management activities 

 3.5
 Bcf 

 n/a 

 Fair
 value hedge 

 NGL
 marketing: 

 Forecasted
 purchases of NGLs and related hydrocarbon products 

 7.5
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Forecasted
 sales of NGLs and related hydrocarbon products 

 8.0
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Cash
 flow hedge 

 Derivatives
 not designated as hedging instruments: 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners: 

 Natural
 gas risk management activities (5) (6) 

 359.2
 Bcf 

 33.9
 Bcf 

 Mark-to-market 

 NGL
 risk management activities (6) 

 0.4
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Mark-to-market 

 Crude
 oil risk management activities (6) 

 3.5
 MMBbls 

 n/a 

 Mark-to-market 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners: 

 Natural
 gas risk management activities (6) 

 2.2
 Bcf 

 n/a 

 Mark-to-market 

 (1)
 Volume
 for derivatives designated as hedging instruments reflects the total
 amount of volumes hedged whereas volume for derivatives not designated as
 hedging instruments reflects the absolute value of derivative notional
 volumes. 
 (2)
 The
 maximum term for derivatives included in the long-term column is December
 2012. 
 (3)
 PTR
 represents the British thermal unit equivalent of the NGLs extracted from
 natural gas by a processing plant, and includes the natural gas used as
 plant fuel to extract those liquids, plant flare and other
 shortages. See the discussion below for the primary objective
 of this strategy. 
 (4)
 Excludes
 5.4 MMBbls of additional hedges executed under contracts that have been
 designated as normal sales agreements under the FASB';s derivative and
 hedging guidance. The combination of these volumes with the 2.4
 MMBbls reflected as derivatives in the table above results in a total of
 7.8 MMBbls of hedged forecasted NGL sales volumes, which corresponds to
 the 17.8 Bcf of forecasted natural gas purchase volumes for
 PTR. 
 (5)
 Current
 and long-term volumes include approximately 109.5 and 12.6 billion cubic
 feet (";Bcf";), respectively, of physical derivative instruments that are
 predominantly priced at an index plus a premium or minus a
 discount. 
 (6)
 Reflects
 the use of derivative instruments to manage risks associated with
 transportation, processing and storage
assets. 

 Certain of our derivative instruments
do not meet hedge accounting requirements; therefore, they are accounted for
using mark-to-market accounting. 
 
 Our three predominant hedging
strategies are hedging natural gas processing margins, hedging anticipated
future sales of NGLs, refined products and crude oil associated with volumes
held in inventory and hedging the fair value of natural gas in
inventory. The objective of our natural gas processing strategy is to
hedge an amount of gross margin associated with the gas processing activities.
We achieve this by using physical and financial instruments to lock in the
prices of natural gas purchases used for PTR and NGL sales. This
program consists of (i) the forward sale of a portion of our expected equity
NGL 

 F-31 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 production
at fixed prices through December 2010, achieved through the use of forward
physical sales and commodity derivative instruments and (ii) the purchase of
commodity derivative instruments with a notional amount determined by the amount
of natural gas expected to be consumed as PTR in the production of such equity
NGL production. The objective of our NGL, refined products and crude
oil sales hedging program is to hedge anticipated future sales of inventory by
locking in the sales price through the use of forward physical sales and
commodity derivative instruments. The objective of our natural gas
inventory hedging program is to hedge the fair value of natural gas currently
held in inventory by locking in the sales price of the inventory through the use
of commodity derivative instruments. 
 
 Foreign
Currency Derivative Instruments 
 
 We are exposed to a nominal amount of
foreign currency exchange risk in connection with our NGL and natural gas
marketing activities in Canada. As a result, we could be adversely
affected by fluctuations in currency rates between the U.S. dollar and Canadian
dollar. In order to manage this risk, we may enter into foreign
exchange purchase contracts to lock in the exchange rate. Prior to
2009, these derivative instruments were accounted for using mark-to-market
accounting. Beginning with the first quarter of 2009, the long-term
transactions (more than two months) are accounted for as cash flow
hedges. Shorter term transactions are accounted for using
mark-to-market accounting. 
 
 In 2008 and 2009 we were exposed to
foreign currency exchange risk in connection with a term loan denominated in
Japanese yen (see Note 12). We entered into this loan agreement in
November 2008 and the loan matured in March 2009. The derivative
instrument used to hedge this risk was accounted for as a cash flow hedge and
was settled upon repayment of the loan. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, we had foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding
with a notional amount of $4.1 million Canadian dollars. The fair
market value of these instruments was an asset of $0.2 million at December 31,
2009. 
 
 Credit-Risk
Related Contingent Features in Derivative Instruments 
 
 A limited number of our commodity
derivative instruments include provisions related to credit ratings and/or
adequate assurance clauses. A credit rating provision provides for a
counterparty to demand immediate full or partial payment to cover a net
liability position upon the loss of a stipulated credit rating. An
adequate assurance clause provides for a counterparty to demand immediate full
or partial payment to cover a net liability position should reasonable grounds
for insecurity arise with respect to contractual performance by either
party. At December 31, 2009, the aggregate fair value of our
over-the-counter derivative instruments in a net liability position was $7.7
million, approximately $6.1 million of which was subject to a credit rating
contingent feature. If our credit ratings were downgraded to Ba2/BB,
approximately $1.1 million would be payable as a margin deposit to the
counterparties, and if our credit ratings were downgraded to Ba3/BB- or below,
approximately $6.1 million would be payable as a margin deposit to the
counterparties. Currently, no margin is required to be
deposited. The potential for derivatives with contingent features to
enter a net liability position may change in the future as positions and prices
fluctuate. 

 F-32 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Tabular
Presentation of Fair Value Amounts, and Gains and Losses on 
 Derivative
Instruments and Related Hedged Items 
 
 The
following table provides a balance sheet overview of our derivative assets and
liabilities at the dates indicated: 

 Asset
 Derivatives 

 Liability
 Derivatives 

 December
 31, 2009 

 December
 31, 2008 

 December
 31, 2009 

 December
 31, 2008 

 Balance
 Sheet 

 Fair 

 Balance
 Sheet 

 Fair 

 Balance
 Sheet 

 Fair 

 Balance
 Sheet 

 Fair 

 Location 

 Value 

 Location 

 Value 

 Location 

 Value 

 Location 

 Value 

 Derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments 

 Interest
 rate derivatives 

 Derivative
 assets 

 $ 
 32.7 

 Derivative
 assets 

 $ 
 7.8 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 $ 
 5.5 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 $ 
 5.9 

 Interest
 rate derivatives 

 Other
 assets 

 31.8 

 Other
 assets 

 38.9 

 Other
 liabilities 

 2.2 

 Other
 liabilities 

 3.9 

 Total
 interest rate derivatives 

 64.5 

 46.7 

 7.7 

 9.8 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Derivative
 assets 

 52.0 

 Derivative
 assets 

 150.6 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 62.6 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 253.5 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Other
 assets 

 0.5 

 Other
 assets 

 -- 

 Other
 liabilities 

 1.8 

 Other
 liabilities 

 0.2 

 Total
 commodity derivatives (1) 

 52.5 

 150.6 

 64.4 

 253.7 

 Foreign
 currency derivatives (2) 

 Derivative
 assets 

 0.2 

 Derivative
 assets 

 9.3 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 -- 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 -- 

 Total
 derivatives designated as hedging
 instruments 

 $ 
 117.2 

 $ 
 206.6 

 $ 
 72.1 

 $ 
 263.5 

 Derivatives
 not designated as hedging instruments 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Derivative
 assets 

 $ 
 28.9 

 Derivative
 assets 

 $ 
 50.9 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 $ 
 24.9 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 $ 
 43.4 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Other
 assets 

 2.0 

 Other
 assets 

 -- 

 Other
 liabilities 

 2.7 

 Other
 liabilities 

 -- 

 Total
 commodity derivatives 

 30.9 

 50.9 

 27.6 

 43.4 

 Foreign
 currency derivatives 

 Derivative
 assets 

 -- 

 Derivative
 assets 

 -- 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 -- 

 Derivative
 liabilities 

 0.1 

 Total
 derivatives not designated as hedging
 instruments 

 $ 
 30.9 

 $ 
 50.9 

 $ 
 27.6 

 $ 
 43.5 

 (1) Represents
 commodity derivative transactions that either have not settled or have
 settled and not been invoiced. Settled and invoiced transactions are
 reflected in either accounts receivable or accounts payable depending on
 the outcome of the transaction. 
 (2) Relates
 to the hedging of our exposure to fluctuations in the foreign currency
 exchange rate related to our Canadian NGL marketing
 subsidiary. 

 The
following tables present the effect of our derivative instruments designated as
fair value hedges on our Statements of Consolidated Operations for the periods
indicated: 

 Derivatives
 in Fair Value 

 Gain
 (Loss) Recognized in 

 Hedging
 Relationships 

 Location 

 Income
 on Derivative 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Interest
 rate 

 Interest
 expense 

 $ 
 (8.8 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 31.2 

 Commodity 

 Revenue 

 1.8 

 -- 

 Total 

 $ 
 (7.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 31.2 

 Derivatives
 in Fair Value 

 Gain
 (Loss) Recognized in 

 Hedging
 Relationships 

 Location 

 Income
 on Hedged Item 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Interest
 rate 

 Interest
 expense 

 $ 
 3.2 

 $ 
 (31.2 
 ) 

 Commodity 

 Revenue 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 Total 

 $ 
 1.9 

 $ 
 (31.2 
 ) 

 F-33 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following tables present the effect of our derivative instruments designated as
cash flow hedges on our Statements of Consolidated Operations for the periods
indicated: 

 Change
 in Value Recognized 

 Derivatives
 in Cash Flow 

 in
 OCI on Derivative 

 Hedging
 Relationships 

 (Effective
 Portion) 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Interest
 rate derivatives 

 $ 
 18.6 

 $ 
 (52.0 
 ) 

 Commodity
 derivatives &#8211; Revenue 

 (34.8 
 ) 

 (34.8 
 ) 

 Commodity
 derivatives &#8211; Operating costs and expenses 

 (144.8 
 ) 

 (135.4 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency derivatives 

 (10.2 
 ) 

 9.3 

 Total 

 $ 
 (171.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (212.9 
 ) 

 Amount
 of Gain/(Loss) 

 Derivatives
 in Cash Flow 

 Reclassified
 from AOCI 

 Hedging
 Relationships 

 Location 

 into
 Income (Effective Portion) 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Interest
 rate derivatives 

 Interest
 expense 

 $ 
 (10.8 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1.1 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Revenue 

 (61.0 
 ) 

 (56.7 
 ) 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 (233.2 
 ) 

 (39.6 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 (305.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (95.2 
 ) 

 Amount
 of Gain/(Loss) 

 Derivatives
 in Cash Flow 

 Recognized
 in Income on 

 Hedging
 Relationships 

 Location 

 Ineffective
 Portion of Derivative 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Interest
 rate derivatives 

 Interest
 expense 

 $ 
 0.1 

 $ 
 (3.6 
 ) 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Revenue 

 0.2 

 -- 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 (1.7 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency derivatives 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 (5.4 
 ) 

 Over the
next twelve months, we expect to reclassify $10.8 million of AOCI attributable
to interest rate derivative instruments into earnings as an increase to interest
expense. Likewise, we expect to reclassify $0.8 million of AOCI
attributable to commodity derivative instruments into earnings, $0.2 million as
an increase in operating costs and expenses and $1.0 million as an increase in
revenues. 
 
 The
following table presents the effect of our derivative instruments not designated
as hedging instruments on our Statements of Consolidated Operations for the
periods indicated: 

 Derivatives
 Not Designated as 

 Gain/(Loss)
 Recognized in 

 Hedging
 Instruments 

 Location 

 Income
 on Derivative 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Revenue 

 $ 
 40.7 

 $ 
 39.3 

 Commodity
 derivatives 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 -- 

 (7.6 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency derivatives 

 Other
 expense 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 40.6 

 $ 
 31.6 

 Fair
Value Measurements 
 
 Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at a
specified measurement date. Our fair value estimates are based on
either (i) actual market data or (ii) assumptions that other market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability, including estimates of
risk. Recognized valuation techniques 

 F-34 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 employ
inputs such as product prices, operating costs, discount factors and business
growth rates. These inputs may be either readily observable,
corroborated by market data or generally unobservable. In developing
our estimates of fair value, we endeavor to utilize the best information
available and apply market-based data to the extent
possible. Accordingly, we utilize valuation techniques (such as the
market approach) that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs. 
 
 A
three-tier hierarchy has been established that classifies fair value amounts
recognized or disclosed in the financial statements based on the observability
of inputs used to estimate such fair values. The hierarchy considers
fair value amounts based on observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) to be more
reliable and predictable than those based primarily on unobservable inputs
(Level 3). At each balance sheet reporting date, we categorize our
financial assets and liabilities using this hierarchy. 
 
 The
characteristics of fair value amounts classified within each level of the
hierarchy are described as follows: 

 &#167; 

 Level
 1 fair values are based on quoted prices, which are available in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement
 date. Active markets are defined as those in which transactions
 for identical assets or liabilities occur with sufficient frequency so as
 to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis (e.g., the New York
 Mercantile Exchange). Our Level 1 fair values primarily consist
 of financial assets and liabilities such as exchange-traded commodity
 derivative instruments. 

 &#167; 

 Level
 2 fair values are based on pricing inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets (as reflected in Level 1 fair values) and are either
 directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement
 date. Level 2 fair values include instruments that are valued
 using financial models or other appropriate valuation
 methodologies. Such financial models are primarily
 industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including
 quoted forward prices for commodities, the time value of money, volatility
 factors, current market and contractual prices for the underlying
 instruments and other relevant economic measures. Substantially
 all of these assumptions are: (i) observable in the marketplace throughout
 the full term of the instrument, (ii) can be derived from observable data
 or (iii) are validated by inputs other than quoted prices (e.g., interest
 rate and yield curves at commonly quoted intervals). Our Level
 2 fair values primarily consist of commodity derivative instruments such
 as forwards, swaps and other instruments transacted on an exchange or over
 the counter. The fair values of these derivatives are based on
 observable price quotes for similar products and locations. The
 value of our interest rate derivatives are valued by using appropriate
 financial models with the implied forward London Interbank
 Offered Rate (";LIBOR";) yield curve for the same period as the future
 interest swap settlements. 

 &#167; 

 Level
 3 fair values are based on unobservable inputs. Unobservable
 inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs
 are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is
 little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the
 measurement date. Unobservable inputs reflect the reporting
 entity';s own ideas about the assumptions that market participants would
 use in pricing an asset or liability (including assumptions about
 risk). Unobservable inputs are based on the best information
 available in the circumstances, which might include the reporting entity';s
 internally developed data. The reporting entity must not ignore
 information about market participant assumptions that is reasonably
 available without undue cost and effort. Level 3 inputs are
 typically used in connection with internally developed valuation
 methodologies where management makes its best estimate of an instrument';s
 fair value. Our Level 3 fair values largely consist of ethane,
 normal butane and natural gasoline-based contracts with a range of two to
 12 months in term. We rely on price quotes from reputable
 brokers in the marketplace who publish price quotes on certain
 products. Whenever possible, we compare these prices to other
 reputable brokers for the same product in the same
 market. These prices, combined with our forward transactions,
 are used in our model to determine the fair value of such
 instruments. 

 F-35 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following tables set forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, our
financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis at the dates
indicated. These financial assets and liabilities are classified in
their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a
particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect
the valuation of the fair value assets and liabilities, in addition to their
placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 Level
 1 

 Level
 2 

 Level
 3 

 Total 

 Financial
 assets: 

 Interest
 rate derivative instruments 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 64.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 64.5 

 Commodity
 derivative instruments 

 14.6 

 34.4 

 34.4 

 83.4 

 Foreign
 currency derivative instruments 

 -- 

 0.2 

 -- 

 0.2 

 Total 

 $ 
 14.6 

 $ 
 99.1 

 $ 
 34.4 

 $ 
 148.1 

 Financial
 liabilities: 

 Interest
 rate derivative instruments 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 7.7 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 7.7 

 Commodity
 derivative instruments 

 17.1 

 46.2 

 28.7 

 92.0 

 Total 

 $ 
 17.1 

 $ 
 53.9 

 $ 
 28.7 

 $ 
 99.7 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 Level
 1 

 Level
 2 

 Level
 3 

 Total 

 Financial
 assets: 

 Commodity
 derivative instruments 

 $ 
 4.0 

 $ 
 164.7 

 $ 
 32.8 

 $ 
 201.5 

 Foreign
 currency derivative instruments 

 -- 

 9.3 

 -- 

 9.3 

 Interest
 rate derivative instruments 

 -- 

 46.7 

 -- 

 46.7 

 Total 

 $ 
 4.0 

 $ 
 220.7 

 $ 
 32.8 

 $ 
 257.5 

 Financial
 liabilities: 

 Commodity
 derivative instruments 

 $ 
 7.1 

 $ 
 289.6 

 $ 
 0.4 

 $ 
 297.1 

 Foreign
 currency derivative instruments 

 -- 

 0.1 

 -- 

 0.1 

 Interest
 rate derivative instruments 

 -- 

 9.8 

 -- 

 9.8 

 Total 

 $ 
 7.1 

 $ 
 299.5 

 $ 
 0.4 

 $ 
 307.0 

 The
following table sets forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of our
Level 3 financial assets and liabilities for the periods presented: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Balance,
 January 1 

 $ 
 32.4 

 $ 
 (5.0 
 ) 

 Total
 gains (losses) included in: 

 Net
 income (1) 

 27.0 

 (34.6 
 ) 

 Other
 comprehensive income (loss) 

 (21.8 
 ) 

 37.2 

 Purchases,
 issuances, settlements 

 (26.8 
 ) 

 34.8 

 Transfer
 out of Level 3 

 (5.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 Balance,
 December 31 

 $ 
 5.7 

 $ 
 32.4 

 (1)
 There
 were unrealized losses of $5.2 million and gains of $0.2 million included
 in these amounts for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
 respectively. 

 F-36 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Nonfinancial
Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Certain
nonfinancial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring
basis and are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (e.g.,
when there is evidence of impairment). The following table presents
the estimated fair value of certain assets carried on our Consolidated Balance
Sheet by caption for which a nonrecurring change in fair value has been recorded
during the year ended December 31, 2009: 

 Level
 3 

 Impairment 
 Charges 

 Property,
 plant and equipment (see Note 8) 

 $ 
 29.6 

 $ 
 29.4 

 Intangible
 assets (see Note 11) 

 0.6 

 0.6 

 Goodwill
 (see Note 11) 

 -- 

 1.3 

 Other
 current assets 

 1.2 

 2.2 

 Total 

 $ 
 31.4 

 $ 
 33.5 

 Using
appropriate valuation techniques, we adjusted the carrying value of certain
assets to $31.4 million and recorded non-cash impairment charges of $33.5
million during 2009. These charges are reflected in operating costs and expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2009 and have been allocated to property, plant
and equipment, intangible assets, goodwill and other current
assets. During 2009, impairments primarily resulted from (i) reduced
levels of throughput volumes at certain river terminals and the indefinite
suspension of three new proposed river terminals, (ii) reduced throughput levels
at a natural gas processing plant, (iii) the cancellation of a compressor
station project and (iv) the determination that a storage cavern and certain
marine barges were obsolete. Our fair value estimates were based
primarily on an evaluation of the future cash flows associated with each
asset. 

 Note 7. Inventories 
 
 Our
inventory amounts were as follows at the dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Working
 inventory (1) 

 $ 
 466.4 

 $ 
 188.1 

 Forward
 sales inventory (2) 

 245.5 

 216.9 

 Total
 inventory 

 $ 
 711.9 

 $ 
 405.0 

 (1)
 Working
 inventory is comprised of inventories of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil,
 refined products, lubrication oils and certain petrochemical products that
 are either available-for-sale or used in the provision for
 services. 
 (2)
 Forward
 sales inventory consists of identified natural gas, NGL, refined product
 and crude oil volumes dedicated to the fulfillment of forward sales
 contracts. In general, the increase in volumes dedicated to forward
 physical sales contracts improves the overall utilization and
 profitability of our fee-based assets. The cash invested in forward
 sales NGL inventories is expected to be recovered within the next twelve
 months as physical delivery from inventory occurs. 

 In those
instances where we take ownership of inventory volumes through
percent-of-liquids contracts and similar arrangements (as opposed to actually
purchasing volumes for cash from third parties, see Note 4), these volumes are
valued at market-based prices during the month in which they are
acquired. 
 
 Due to
fluctuating commodity prices, we recognize LCM adjustments when the carrying
value of our inventories exceeds their net realizable value. These
non-cash charges are a component of cost of sales in the period they are
recognized and generally affect our segment operating results in the following
manner: 

 &#167; 

 Write-downs
 of NGL inventories are recorded as an expense related to our NGL marketing
 activities within our NGL Pipelines & Services business
 segment; 

 F-37 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 &#167; 

 Write-downs
 of natural gas inventories are recorded as an expense related to our
 natural gas pipeline operations within our Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines
 & Services business segment; 

 &#167; 

 Write-downs
 of crude oil inventories are recorded as an expense related to our crude
 oil operations within our Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services
 business segment; and 

 &#167; 

 Write-downs
 of petrochemical, refined products and related inventories are recorded as
 an expense related to our petrochemical and refined products marketing
 activities or octane additive production business, as applicable, within
 our Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business
 segment. 

 To the
extent our commodity hedging strategies address inventory-related risks and are
successful, these inventory valuation adjustments are mitigated or
offset. See Note 6 for a description of our commodity hedging
activities. 
 
 The
following table summarizes our cost of sales and LCM adjustment amounts for the
periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Cost
 of sales (1) 

 $ 
 20,921.8 

 $ 
 31,204.8 

 $ 
 23,494.0 

 LCM
 adjustments 

 6.3 

 63.0 

 14.1 

 (1)
 Cost
 of sales is included in operating costs and expenses, as presented on our
 Statements of Consolidated Operations. The fluctuation in this amount
 year-to-year is primarily due to changes in energy commodity prices
 associated with our marketing activities. 

 F-38 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 8. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 
 Our
property, plant and equipment values and accumulated depreciation balances were
as follows at the dates indicated: 

 Estimated 

 Useful
 Life 

 December
 31, 

 in
 Years 

 2009 

 2008 

 Plants
 and pipelines (1) 

 3-45
 (5) 

 $ 
 17,681.9 

 $ 
 15,444.7 

 Underground
 and other storage facilities (2) 

 5-40
 (6) 

 1,280.5 

 1,203.9 

 Platforms
 and facilities (3) 

 20-31 

 637.6 

 634.8 

 Transportation
 equipment (4) 

 3-10 

 60.1 

 50.9 

 Marine
 vessels 

 20-30 

 559.4 

 453.0 

 Land 

 82.9 

 76.5 

 Construction
 in progress 

 1,207.2 

 2,015.4 

 Total 

 21,509.6 

 19,879.2 

 Less
 accumulated depreciation 

 3,820.4 

 3,146.4 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 $ 
 17,689.2 

 $ 
 16,732.8 

 (1)
 Plants
 and pipelines include processing plants; NGL, petrochemical, crude oil and
 natural gas pipelines; terminal loading and unloading facilities; office
 furniture and equipment; buildings; laboratory and shop equipment and
 related assets. 
 (2)
 Underground
 and other storage facilities include underground product storage caverns;
 above ground storage tanks; water wells and related assets. 
 (3)
 Platforms
 and facilities include offshore platforms and related facilities and other
 associated assets. 
 (4)
 Transportation
 equipment includes vehicles and similar assets used in our
 operations. 
 (5)
 In
 general, the estimated useful lives of major components of this category
 are as follows: processing plants, 20-35 years; pipelines and related
 equipment, 5-45 years; terminal facilities, 10-35 years; delivery
 facilities, 20-40 years; office furniture and equipment, 3-20 years;
 buildings, 20-40 years; and laboratory and shop equipment, 5-35
 years. 
 (6)
 In
 general, the estimated useful lives of major components of this category
 are as follows: underground storage facilities, 5-35 years; storage
 tanks, 10-40 years; and water wells, 5-35 years. 

 In August
2008, our wholly owned subsidiaries, together with Oiltanking Holding Americas,
Inc. (";Oiltanking";) formed the Texas Offshore Port System partnership
(";TOPS";). Effective April 16, 2009, our wholly owned subsidiaries
dissociated from TOPS. As a result, operating costs and expenses and
net income for the year ended December 31, 2009 include a non-cash charge of
$68.4 million. This loss represents the forfeiture of our cumulative
investment in TOPS through the date of dissociation and reflects our capital
contributions to TOPS for construction in progress
amounts. 
 
 TOPS was
a consolidated subsidiary of ours prior to the dissociation. The
effect of deconsolidation was to remove the accounts of TOPS, including
Oiltanking';s noncontrolling interest of $33.4 million, from our books and
records, after reflecting the $68.4 million aggregate write-off of the
investment. See Note 18 for information regarding expense amounts
recognized during 2009 in connection with a settlement agreement involving
TOPS. 
 
 In
addition, we recorded $21.0 million, $4.3 million and $4.1 million of non-cash
asset impairment charges within our Petrochemical & Refined Products
Services segment, Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services segment and NGL
Pipelines & Services segment, respectively, related to plant, property and
equipment during the year ended December 31, 2009. See Note 6 for
additional information regarding impairment charges. 

 F-39 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table summarizes our depreciation expense and capitalized interest
amounts for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Depreciation
 expense (1) 

 $ 
 678.1 

 $ 
 595.9 

 $ 
 515.7 

 Capitalized
 interest (2) 

 53.1 

 90.7 

 86.5 

 (1) Depreciation
 expense is a component of costs and expenses as presented in our
 Statements of Consolidated Operations. 
 (2) Capitalized
 interest increases the carrying value of the associated asset and reduces
 interest expense during the period it is recorded. 

 We
reviewed assumptions underlying the estimated remaining useful lives of certain
of our assets during the first quarter of 2008. As a result of our
review, effective January 1, 2008, we revised the remaining useful lives of
these assets, most notably the assets that constitute our Texas Intrastate
System. This revision increased the remaining useful life of such
assets to incorporate recent data showing that natural gas reserves supporting
throughput and processing volumes for these assets have changed since our
original determination made in September 2004. These revisions will
prospectively reduce our depreciation expense on assets having carrying values
totaling $2.72 billion as of January 1, 2008. On average, we extended
the life of these assets by 3.1 years. As a result of this change in
estimate, depreciation expense included in operating income and net income for
the year ended December 31, 2008 decreased by approximately $20.0 million, which
increased our basic and diluted earnings per unit by $0.04 from what it would
have been absent the change. 
 
 Asset
Retirement Obligations 
 
 We have
recorded AROs related to legal requirements to perform retirement activities as
specified in contractual arrangements and/or governmental
regulations. In general, our AROs primarily result from (i)
right-of-way agreements associated with our pipeline operations, (ii) leases of
plant sites and (iii) regulatory requirements triggered by the abandonment or
retirement of certain underground storage assets and offshore
facilities. In addition, our AROs may result from the renovation or
demolition of certain assets containing hazardous substances such as
asbestos. 
 
 The
following table presents information regarding our AROs since December 31,
2007: 

 ARO
 liability balance, December 31, 2007 

 $ 
 42.2 

 Liabilities
 incurred 

 1.1 

 Liabilities
 settled 

 (8.2 
 ) 

 Revisions
 in estimated cash flows 

 4.7 

 Accretion
 expense 

 2.4 

 ARO
 liability balance, December 31, 2008 

 42.2 

 Liabilities
 incurred 

 0.5 

 Liabilities
 settled 

 (17.1 
 ) 

 Revisions
 in estimated cash flows 

 26.1 

 Accretion
 expense 

 3.1 

 ARO
 liability balance, December 31, 2009 

 $ 
 54.8 

 The
increase in our ARO liability balance during 2009 primarily reflects revised
estimates of the cost to comply with regulatory abandonment obligations
associated with our offshore facilities in the Gulf of Mexico. We
incurred $14.6 million of costs through December 31, 2009 as a result of ARO
settlement activities associated with certain pipeline laterals and a platform
located in the Gulf of Mexico. 

 F-40 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Property,
plant and equipment at December 31, 2009 and 2008 includes $26.7 million and
$11.7 million, respectively, of asset retirement costs capitalized as an
increase in the associated long-lived asset. The following table
presents forecasted accretion expense associated with our AROs for the years
presented: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 $ 
 3.8 

 $ 
 3.7 

 $ 
 4.0 

 $ 
 4.3 

 $ 
 4.7 

 Certain
of our unconsolidated affiliates have AROs recorded at December 31, 2009 and
2008 relating to contractual agreements and regulatory
requirements. These amounts are immaterial to our financial
statements. 

 Note 9. Investments in Unconsolidated
Affiliates 
 
 We own
interests in a number of related businesses that are accounted for using the
equity method of accounting. We group our investments in
unconsolidated affiliates according to the business segment to which they relate
(see Note 14 for a general discussion of our business segments). The
following table shows our investments in unconsolidated affiliates by business
segment at the dates indicated: 

 Ownership 

 Percentage
 at 

 December
 31, 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2009 

 2008 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Venice
 Energy Service Company, L.L.C. 

 13.1% 

 $ 
 32.6 

 $ 
 37.7 

 K/D/S
 Promix, L.L.C. 

 50% 

 48.9 

 46.4 

 Baton
 Rouge Fractionators LLC 

 32.2% 

 22.2 

 24.2 

 Skelly-Belvieu
 Pipeline Company, L.L.C. 

 49% 

 37.9 

 36.0 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services: 

 Evangeline
 (1) 

 49.5% 

 5.6 

 4.5 

 White
 River Hub, LLC 

 50% 

 26.4 

 21.4 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services: 

 Seaway
 Crude Pipeline Company 

 50% 

 178.5 

 186.2 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Poseidon
 Oil Pipeline, L.L.C. 

 36% 

 61.7 

 60.2 

 Cameron
 Highway Oil Pipeline Company (";Cameron Highway";) 

 50% 

 239.6 

 250.9 

 Deepwater
 Gateway, L.L.C. 

 50% 

 101.8 

 104.8 

 Neptune
 Pipeline Company, L.L.C. 

 25.7% 

 53.8 

 52.7 

 Nemo
 Gas Gathering Company, LLC (";Nemo";) 

 33.9% 

 -- 

 0.4 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services: 

 Baton
 Rouge Propylene Concentrator, LLC 

 30% 

 11.1 

 12.6 

 Centennial
 Pipeline LLC (";Centennial";) 

 50% 

 66.7 

 69.7 

 Other
 (2) 

 Varies 

 3.8 

 4.2 

 Total 

 $ 
 890.6 

 $ 
 911.9 

 (1)
 Evangeline
 refers to our ownership interests in Evangeline Gas Pipeline Company, L.P.
 and Evangeline Gas Corp., collectively. 
 (2)
 Other
 unconsolidated affiliates include a 50% interest in a propylene pipeline
 extending from Mont Belvieu, Texas to La Porte, Texas and a 25% interest
 in a company that provides logistics communications solutions between
 petroleum pipelines and their customers. 

 F-41 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 On
occasion, the price we pay to acquire an ownership interest in a company exceeds
the underlying book value of the capital accounts we acquire. Such
excess cost amounts are included within the carrying values of our investments
in unconsolidated affiliates. The following table summarizes the
unamortized excess cost amounts by business segment at the dates
indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 27.1 

 $ 
 28.0 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 

 20.4 

 21.1 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Service 

 17.3 

 18.6 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 4.0 

 7.9 

 Total 

 $ 
 68.8 

 $ 
 75.6 

 Such excess cost amounts were
attributable to the underlying tangible and amortizable intangible assets of
certain unconsolidated affiliates. We amortize such excess cost
amounts as a reduction in equity earnings in a manner similar to
depreciation. The following table presents our amortization of such
excess cost amounts by business segment for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 0.9 

 $ 
 0.5 

 $ 
 0.6 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 

 0.7 

 0.7 

 0.7 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Service 

 1.3 

 1.3 

 1.3 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 3.9 

 4.3 

 5.3 

 Total 

 $ 
 6.8 

 $ 
 6.8 

 $ 
 7.9 

 The
following table presents our equity in income (loss) of unconsolidated
affiliates by business segment for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 11.3 

 $ 
 1.4 

 $ 
 7.1 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 

 4.9 

 1.6 

 0.2 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 

 9.3 

 11.7 

 2.6 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services 

 36.9 

 33.7 

 12.6 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 (11.2 
 ) 

 (13.5 
 ) 

 (12.0 
 ) 

 Total 

 $ 
 51.2 

 $ 
 34.9 

 $ 
 10.5 

 NGL
Pipelines & Services 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, our investees included in our NGL Pipelines & Services
segment own: (i) a natural gas processing facility and related assets located in
south Louisiana, (ii) an NGL fractionation facility and related storage and
pipeline assets located in south Louisiana, (iii) an NGL fractionation facility
located in south Louisiana and (iv) a 572-mile pipeline that transports mixed
NGLs to markets in southeast Texas. 
 
 During
2007, we sold an investment for approximately $156.0 million in cash and
recognized a gain of $59.6 million, which is included in ";Other, net"; in our
Statement of Consolidated Operations for the year ended December 31,
2007. The sale was required by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission in
connection with ending its investigation into the acquisition of TEPPCO GP by
privately held affiliates of EPCO in February 2005. 

 F-42 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Onshore
Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 
 
 At December 31, 2009, our investees
included in our Onshore Natural Gas Pipelines & Services segment own: (i) a
natural gas pipeline located in south Louisiana and (ii) a natural gas hub
located in northwest Colorado that commenced operations in December
2008. 
 
 Onshore
Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, our investee included in our Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines
& Services segment owns a pipeline
that transports crude oil from a marine terminal located in Freeport, Texas, to
Cushing, Oklahoma, and from a marine terminal located in Texas City, Texas, to
refineries in the Texas City and Houston, Texas areas. 
 
 Offshore
Pipelines & Services 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, our investees included in our Offshore Pipelines &
Services segment own: (i) a crude oil pipeline that gathers
production from the outer continental shelf and deepwater areas of the Gulf of
Mexico for delivery to onshore locations in south Louisiana, (ii) a crude oil
pipeline that gathers production from deepwater areas of the Gulf of Mexico,
primarily the South Green Canyon area, for delivery to refineries and terminals
in southeast Texas, (iii) a crude oil and natural gas platform that processes
production from the Marco Polo, K2, K2 North and Genghis Khan fields located in
the South Green Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico and (iv) natural gas pipeline
systems located in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 During
2007, Cameron Highway repaid two series of notes aggregating $415.0 million
using cash contributions from its partners. We funded our 50% share
of the capital contributions using borrowings under EPO';s Multi-Year Revolving
Credit Facility. Cameron Highway incurred a $14.1 million make-whole
premium in connection with the repayment of its Series A notes. 
 
 Also
during 2007, we evaluated our equity method investment in Nemo for impairment
due to a decrease in throughput volumes primarily due to underperformance of
certain fields and natural depletion. As a result of this evaluation,
we recorded a $7.0 million non-cash impairment charge that is a component of
";Equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates"; on our Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2007. 
 
 Petrochemical
& Refined Products Services 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, the investees included in our Petrochemical & Refined
Products Services segment own: (i) a propylene fractionation facility located in
south Louisiana, (ii) a propylene pipeline extending from Mont Belvieu, Texas to
La Porte, Texas and (iii) an interstate refined products pipeline extending from
the upper Texas Gulf Coast to central Illinois that effectively loops our
refined products pipeline system providing incremental transportation capacity
into Mid-continent markets. 

 F-43 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Summarized
Combined Financial Information of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 The
combined balance sheet information for the last two years and results of
operations data for the last three years of our unconsolidated affiliates are
summarized below: 

 At
 December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 BALANCE
 SHEET DATA: 

 Current
 assets 

 $ 
 201.0 

 $ 
 240.8 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 1,997.2 

 2,053.3 

 Other
 assets 

 36.4 

 23.1 

 Total
 assets 

 $ 
 2,234.6 

 $ 
 2,317.2 

 Current
 liabilities 

 $ 
 118.6 

 $ 
 165.9 

 Other
 liabilities 

 255.4 

 282.8 

 Combined
 equity 

 1,860.6 

 1,868.5 

 Total
 liabilities and combined equity 

 $ 
 2,234.6 

 $ 
 2,317.2 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 INCOME
 STATEMENT DATA: 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 738.1 

 $ 
 961.7 

 $ 
 794.1 

 Operating
 income 

 169.2 

 154.3 

 173.4 

 Net
 income 

 155.9 

 136.1 

 110.5 

 Note 10. Business Combinations 
 
 The
following table presents our cash used for business combinations by segment for
the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 33.3 

 $ 
 77.0 

 $ 
 0.4 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 

 0.8 

 125.2 

 35.5 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 73.2 

 351.3 

 -- 

 Total
 cash used for business combinations 

 $ 
 107.3 

 $ 
 553.5 

 $ 
 35.9 

 F-44 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table depicts the fair value allocation of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed for our business combinations for the periods
indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Assets
 acquired in business combination: 

 Current
 assets 

 $ 
 1.4 

 $ 
 6.6 

 $ 
 -- 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 115.9 

 549.6 

 44.5 

 Intangible
 assets 

 0.3 

 92.5 

 (8.5 
 ) 

 Other
 assets 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 0.4 

 -- 

 Total
 assets acquired 

 117.3 

 649.1 

 36.0 

 Liabilities
 assumed in business combination: 

 Current
 liabilities 

 0.3 

 (3.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 Long-term
 debt 

 -- 

 (2.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 Other
 long-term liabilities 

 -- 

 (109.5 
 ) 

 (1.2 
 ) 

 Total
 liabilities assumed 

 0.3 

 (115.3 
 ) 

 (1.2 
 ) 

 Total
 assets acquired plus liabilities assumed 

 117.6 

 533.8 

 34.8 

 Noncontrolling
 interest acquired 

 10.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 Fair
 value of 4,854,899 TEPPCO units 

 -- 

 186.6 

 -- 

 Total
 cash used for business combinations 

 107.3 

 553.5 

 35.9 

 Goodwill
 (1) 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 206.3 

 $ 
 1.1 

 (1) See
 Note 11 for additional information regarding goodwill. 

 On a pro
forma consolidated basis, our revenues, costs and expenses, operating income,
net income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and earnings per
unit amounts would not have differed materially from those we actually reported
for 2009, 2008 and 2007 due to the immaterial nature of our business combination
transactions for those respective periods. 
 
 2009
Transactions 
 
 Our business combinations during 2009
primarily consisted of: 

 &#167; 

 the
 acquisition of certain rail and truck terminal facilities located in Mont
 Belvieu, Texas from Martin Midstream Partners LP for $23.7 million in
 cash; 

 &#167; 

 the
 acquisition of tow boats and tank barges primarily based in Miami,
 Florida, with additional assets located in Mobile, Alabama and Houston,
 Texas from TransMontaigne Product Services Inc. for $50.0 million in cash;
 and 

 &#167; 

 the
 acquisition of a majority interest in the Rio Grande Pipeline Company
 (";Rio Grande";) purchased from HEP Navajo Southern L.P. for $32.8 million
 in cash. Rio Grande owns an NGL pipeline system in
 Texas. 

 2008
Transactions 
 
 Great
Divide Gathering System Acquisition . In December 2008, one
of our subsidiaries, Enterprise Gas Processing, LLC, purchased a 100% membership
interest in Great Divide Gathering, LLC (";Great Divide";) for cash consideration
of $125.2 million. Great Divide was wholly owned by EnCana Oil & Gas
(";EnCana";). 
 
 The
assets of Great Divide consist of a 32-mile natural gas gathering system, the
Great Divide Gathering System, located in the Piceance Basin of northwest
Colorado. The Great Divide Gathering System extends from the southern
portion of the Piceance Basin, including production from EnCana';s Mamm Creek
field, to a pipeline interconnection with our Piceance Basin Gathering
System. Volumes of natural gas originating on the Great Divide
Gathering System are transported through our Piceance Creek Gathering System to
our 1.7 Bcf/d Meeker natural gas treating and processing complex. A
significant 

 F-45 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 portion
of these volumes are produced by EnCana and are dedicated to the Great Divide
and Piceance Creek Gathering Systems for the life of the associated lease
holdings. 
 
 Cenac
and Horizon Acquisitions . In February
2008, TEPPCO entered the marine transportation business for refined products,
crude oil and condensate through the purchase of assets from Cenac Towing Co.,
Inc., Cenac Offshore, L.L.C. and Mr. Arlen B. Cenac, Jr. (collectively
";Cenac";). The aggregate value of total consideration TEPPCO paid or
issued to complete this business combination was $444.7 million, which consisted
of $258.1 million in cash and 4,854,899 newly issued TEPPCO
units. Additionally, TEPPCO assumed approximately $63.2 million of
Cenac';s debt in the transaction. TEPPCO acquired 42 tow boats, 89
tank barges and the economic benefit of certain related commercial
agreements. This business serves refineries and storage terminals
along the Mississippi, Illinois and Ohio rivers and the Intracoastal Waterway
between Texas and Florida. These assets also gather crude oil from
production facilities and platforms along the U.S. Gulf Coast. TEPPCO
used a short-term credit facility to finance the cash portion of the acquisition
price and to repay the $63.2 million of debt assumed in this
transaction. 
 
 Also in
February 2008, TEPPCO purchased related marine assets from Horizon Maritime,
L.L.C. (";Horizon";), a privately held Houston-based company and an affiliate of
Cenac, for $80.8 million in cash. In this transaction, TEPPCO
acquired seven tow boats, 17 tank barges, rights to two tow boats under
construction and the economic benefit of certain related commercial
agreements. In April 2008, TEPPCO paid an additional $3.0 million to
Horizon pursuant to the purchase agreement upon delivery of one of the tow boats
under construction, and in June 2008, TEPPCO paid an additional $3.8 million
upon delivery of the second tow boat. These vessels transport
asphalt, heavy fuel oil and other heated oil products to storage facilities and
refineries along the Mississippi, Illinois and Ohio Rivers and the Intracoastal
Waterway. TEPPCO used a short-term credit facility to finance this
acquisition. 
 
 The
results of operations related to these assets are included in our Statements of
Consolidated Operations beginning at the date of acquisition. 
 
 Other
Transactions . Other business
combinations during 2008 primarily consisted of the acquisition of a natural gas
gathering system located in the Piceance Basin of northwestern Colorado and
additional interests in three consolidated NGL pipeline systems located along
the U.S. Gulf Coast and southeastern United States. 
 
 2007
Transactions 
 
 Our
expenditures for business combinations during the year ended December 31, 2007
primarily relate to the acquisition of a business with natural gas pipelines
located in southeast Texas. 

 F-46 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 11. Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 
 Identifiable
Intangible Assets 
 
 The
following table summarizes our intangible assets by segment at the dates
indicated: 

 December
 31, 2009 

 December
 31, 2008 

 Gross 

 Accum. 

 Carrying 

 Gross 

 Accum. 

 Carrying 

 Value 

 Amort. 

 Value 

 Value 

 Amort. 

 Value 

 NGL Pipelines & Services:
 (1) 

 Customer
 relationship intangibles 

 $ 
 237.4 

 $ 
 (86.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 150.9 

 $ 
 237.4 

 $ 
 (68.7 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 168.7 

 Contract-based
 intangibles 

 321.4 

 (156.7 
 ) 

 164.7 

 320.3 

 (137.6 
 ) 

 182.7 

 Segment
 total 

 558.8 

 (243.2 
 ) 

 315.6 

 557.7 

 (206.3 
 ) 

 351.4 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services: 

 Customer
 relationship intangibles (2) 

 372.0 

 (124.3 
 ) 

 247.7 

 372.0 

 (103.2 
 ) 

 268.8 

 Contract-based
 intangibles 

 565.3 

 (285.8 
 ) 

 279.5 

 565.3 

 (249.7 
 ) 

 315.6 

 Segment
 total 

 937.3 

 (410.1 
 ) 

 527.2 

 937.3 

 (352.9 
 ) 

 584.4 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services: 

 Contract-based
 intangibles 

 10.0 

 (3.5 
 ) 

 6.5 

 10.0 

 (3.1 
 ) 

 6.9 

 Segment
 total 

 10.0 

 (3.5 
 ) 

 6.5 

 10.0 

 (3.1 
 ) 

 6.9 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Customer
 relationship intangibles 

 205.8 

 (105.3 
 ) 

 100.5 

 205.8 

 (90.7 
 ) 

 115.1 

 Contract-based
 intangibles 

 1.2 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 1.0 

 1.2 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 1.1 

 Segment
 total 

 207.0 

 (105.5 
 ) 

 101.5 

 207.0 

 (90.8 
 ) 

 116.2 

 Petrochemical & Refined
 Products Services: (3) 

 Customer
 relationship intangibles 

 104.6 

 (18.8 
 ) 

 85.8 

 104.9 

 (13.8 
 ) 

 91.1 

 Contract-based
 intangibles 

 42.1 

 (13.9 
 ) 

 28.2 

 41.1 

 (8.2 
 ) 

 32.9 

 Segment
 total 

 146.7 

 (32.7 
 ) 

 114.0 

 146.0 

 (22.0 
 ) 

 124.0 

 Total
 all segments 

 $ 
 1,859.8 

 $ 
 (795.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,064.8 

 $ 
 1,858.0 

 $ 
 (675.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,182.9 

 (1)
 In
 2008, we acquired $6.0 million of certain permits related to our Mont
 Belvieu complex and had $12.7 million of purchase price allocation
 adjustments related to San Felipe customer relationships from a 2007
 business combination. 
 (2)
 In
 2008, we acquired $9.8 million of customer relationships due to the Great
 Divide business combination. 
 (3)
 Amount
 includes a non-cash impairment charge of $0.6 million in 2009 related to
 certain intangible assets, see Note 6 for additional
 information. 

 The
following table presents the amortization expense of our intangible assets by
segment for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 $ 
 36.9 

 $ 
 40.7 

 $ 
 38.2 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 

 57.2 

 61.7 

 64.4 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services 

 0.4 

 0.5 

 0.5 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services 

 14.7 

 16.9 

 19.3 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 10.7 

 10.2 

 2.8 

 Total
 all segments 

 $ 
 119.9 

 $ 
 130.0 

 $ 
 125.2 

 The
following table presents forecasted amortization expense associated with
existing intangible assets for the years presented: 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 $ 
 112.2 

 $ 
 105.0 

 $ 
 89.4 

 $ 
 82.4 

 $ 
 78.1 

 In
general, our intangible assets fall within two categories &#8211; customer
relationship and contract-based intangible assets. The values
assigned to such intangible assets are amortized to earnings using either (i) a
straight-line approach or (ii) other methods that closely resemble the pattern
in which the economic benefits of associated resource bases are estimated to be
consumed or otherwise used, as appropriate. 
 
 Customer
relationship intangible assets . Customer relationship
intangible assets represent the estimated economic value assigned to certain
relationships acquired in connection with business 

 F-47 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 combinations
and asset purchases whereby (i) we acquired information about or access to
customers and now have regular contact with them and (ii) the customers now have
the ability to make direct contact with us. Customer relationships
may arise from contractual arrangements (such as supplier contracts and service
contracts) and through means other than contracts, such as through regular
contact by sales or service representatives. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, the carrying value of our customer relationship intangible
assets was $584.9 million. The following information summarizes the
significant components of this category of intangible assets: 

 &#167; 

 San
 Juan Gathering System customer relationships &#8211; We acquired these customer
 relationships in connection with the GulfTerra Merger, which was completed
 on September 30, 2004. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value
 of this group of intangible assets was $220.8 million. These
 intangible assets are being amortized to earnings over their estimated
 economic life of 35 years through 2039. Amortization expense is
 recorded using a method that closely resembles the pattern in which the
 economic benefits of the underlying natural gas resource bases are
 expected to be consumed or otherwise
used. 

 &#167; 

 Offshore
 Pipeline & Platform customer relationships &#8211; We acquired these
 customer relationships in connection with the GulfTerra
 Merger. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value of this group
 of intangible assets was $100.5 million. These intangible
 assets are being amortized to earnings over their estimated
 economic lives, which range from 18 to 33 years (i.e. through 2022
 to 2037). Amortization expense is recorded using a method
 that closely resembles the pattern in which the economic benefits of the
 underlying crude oil and natural gas resource bases are expected to be
 consumed or otherwise used. 

 &#167; 

 Encinal
 natural gas processing customer relationship &#8211; We acquired this customer
 relationship in connection with our Encinal acquisition in
 2006. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value of this
 intangible asset was $89.3 million. This intangible asset is
 being amortized to earnings over its estimated economic life of 20 years
 through 2026. Amortization expense is recorded using a method
 that closely resembles the pattern in which the economic benefit of the
 underlying natural gas resource bases are expected to be consumed or
 otherwise used. 

 Contract-based
intangible assets . Contract-based intangible assets represent
specific commercial rights we acquired in connection with business combinations
or asset purchases. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value of our
contract-based intangible assets was $479.9 million. The following
information summarizes the significant components of this category of intangible
assets: 

 &#167; 

 Jonah
 Gas Gathering Company (";Jonah";) natural gas gathering agreements &#8211; These
 intangible assets represent the value attributed to certain of Jonah';s
 natural gas gathering contracts that were originally acquired by TEPPCO in
 2001. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value of this group of
 intangible assets was $125.0 million. These intangible assets
 are being amortized to earnings using a units-of-production method based
 on throughput volumes on the Jonah system, which is estimated to extend
 through 2041. 

 &#167; 

 Val
 Verde natural gas gathering agreements &#8211; These intangible assets represent
 the value attributed to certain natural gas gathering agreements
 associated with our Val Verde Gathering System that was originally
 acquired by TEPPCO in 2002. At December 31, 2009, the carrying
 value of these intangible assets was $98.4 million. These
 intangible assets are being amortized to earnings using a
 units-of-production method based on throughput volumes on the Val Verde
 Gathering System, which is estimated to extend through
 2032. 

 &#167; 

 Shell
 Processing Agreement &#8211; This margin-band/keepwhole processing agreement
 grants us the right to process Shell Oil Company';s (or its assignee';s)
 current and future natural gas production within the state and federal
 waters of the Gulf of Mexico. We acquired the Shell Processing
 Agreement in connection with our 1999 purchase of certain of Shell';s
 midstream energy assets 

 F-48 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 located
 along the U.S. Gulf Coast. At December 31, 2009, the carrying
 value of this intangible asset was $105.9 million. This
 intangible asset is being amortized to earnings on a straight-line basis
 over its estimated economic life of 20 years through
 2019. 

 &#167; 

 Mississippi
 natural gas storage contracts &#8211; These intangible assets represent the
 value assigned by us to certain natural gas storage contracts associated
 with our Petal and Hattiesburg, Mississippi storage
 facilities. These facilities were acquired in connection with
 the GulfTerra Merger. At December 31, 2009, the carrying value
 of these intangible assets was $55.4 million. These intangible
 assets are being amortized to earnings on a straight-line basis over the
 remainder of their respective contract terms, which range from eight to 18
 years (i.e. 2012 through 2022). 

 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business over the
amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the
transaction. Goodwill is not amortized; however, it is subject to
annual impairment testing at the beginning of each fiscal year. The
following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the
periods presented: 

 Onshore 

 Onshore 

 Petrochemical 

 NGL 

 Natural
 Gas 

 Crude
 Oil 

 Offshore 

 &
 Refined 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Products 

 Consolidated 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 Services 

 Totals 

 Balance
 at January 1, 2007 

 $ 
 224.8 

 $ 
 284.9 

 $ 
 303.0 

 $ 
 82.1 

 $ 
 917.3 

 $ 
 1,812.1 

 Goodwill
 related to acquisitions 

 1.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.2 

 Balance
 at December 31, 2007 

 226.0 

 284.9 

 303.0 

 82.1 

 917.3 

 1,813.3 

 Goodwill
 related to acquisitions 

 115.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 91.1 

 206.3 

 Balance
 at December 31, 2008 

 341.2 

 284.9 

 303.0 

 82.1 

 1,008.4 

 2,019.6 

 Impairment
 charges (1) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 Balance
 at December 31, 2009 (2) 

 $ 
 341.2 

 $ 
 284.9 

 $ 
 303.0 

 $ 
 82.1 

 $ 
 1,007.1 

 $ 
 2,018.3 

 (1)
 See Note 6 for additional information regarding impairment charges
 recorded during year ended December 31, 2009. 
 (2)
 The total carrying amount of goodwill at December 31, 2009 is
 reflected net of $1.3 million of accumulated impairment
 charges. 

 Our
goodwill impairment testing involves the determination of a reporting unit';s
fair value, which is predicated based on our assumptions regarding the future
economic prospects of the reporting unit. Such assumptions include
(i) discrete financial forecasts for the assets contained within the reporting
unit, which rely on management';s estimates of operating margins and
transportation volumes; (ii) long-term growth rates for cash flows beyond the
discrete forecast period and (iii) appropriate discount rates. Based on
our most recent goodwill impairment testing, each reporting unit';s fair value
was substantially in excess (a minimum of 10%) of its carrying
value. 

 F-49 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table summarizes components of our goodwill amounts by segment at the
dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services 

 Acquisition
 of ownership interests in TEPPCO 

 $ 
 72.2 

 $ 
 72.2 

 GulfTerra
 Merger 

 23.8 

 23.8 

 Acquisition
 of Encinal 

 95.3 

 95.3 

 Acquisition
 of interest in Dixie 

 80.3 

 80.3 

 Acquisition
 of Great Divide 

 44.9 

 44.9 

 Acquisition
 of Indian Springs natural gas processing business 

 13.2 

 13.2 

 Other 

 11.5 

 11.5 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services 

 GulfTerra
 Merger 

 279.9 

 279.9 

 Other 

 5.0 

 5.0 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipeline & Services 

 Acquisition
 of ownership interests in TEPPCO 

 288.8 

 288.8 

 Acquisition
 of crude oil pipeline and services business 

 14.2 

 14.2 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services 

 GulfTerra
 Merger 

 82.1 

 82.1 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services 

 Acquisition
 of ownership interests in TEPPCO 

 842.3 

 842.3 

 Acquisition
 of marine services businesses 

 90.4 

 90.4 

 Acquisition
 of Mont Belvieu propylene fractionation business 

 73.7 

 73.7 

 Other
 (1) 

 0.7 

 2.0 

 Total 

 $ 
 2,018.3 

 $ 
 2,019.6 

 (1)
 Includes
 a non-cash impairment charge of $1.3 million, see Note 6 for additional
 information. 

 Goodwill
attributable to the acquisition of ownership interests in
TEPPCO . As a result of our ownership of 100% of the
limited and general partner interests of TEPPCO following the recently completed
TEPPCO Merger, we applied push down accounting to the $1.2 billion of goodwill
recorded by affiliates of EPCO (which are under common control with us) when
they acquired 100% of the membership interests of TEPPCO GP and 4,400,000 TEPPCO
limited partner units from a third-party in February 2005. The $1.2
billion in push down goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid
by such affiliates to acquire ownership interests in TEPPCO in February 2005
over the respective fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the
February 2005 transaction. Management attributes the $1.2 billion of
goodwill to the future economic benefits we may realize from our ownership of
TEPPCO, including anticipated commercial synergies and cost
savings. 
 
 TEPPCO
owns and operates an extensive network of assets that facilitate the movement,
marketing, gathering and storage services of various commodities and
energy-related products. TEPPCO';s pipeline network is comprised of
approximately 12,500 miles of pipelines that gather and transport refined
products, crude oil, natural gas and NGLs, including one of the largest common
carrier pipelines for refined products in the United States. TEPPCO
also owns a marine services business that transports refined products, crude
oil, asphalt, condensate, heavy fuel oil and other heated oil products via tow
boats and tank barges. In addition, TEPPCO owns interests in the
Seaway and Centennial pipeline systems. 
 
 Goodwill
attributable to GulfTerra Merger . Goodwill recorded in
connection with the GulfTerra Merger can be attributed to our belief (at the
time the merger was consummated) that the combined partnerships would benefit
from the strategic location of each partnership';s assets and the industry
relationships that each possessed. In addition, we expected that
various operating synergies could develop (such as reduced general and
administrative costs and interest savings) that would result in improved
financial results for the merged entity. Based on miles of pipelines,
GulfTerra was one of the largest natural gas gathering and transportation
companies in the United States, serving producers in the central and western
Gulf of Mexico and onshore in Texas and New Mexico. These regions
offer us significant 

 F-50 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 growth potential through
the acquisition and construction of additional pipelines, platforms, processing
and storage facilities and other midstream energy infrastructure. 
 
 Acquisition
of Encinal . Management attributes goodwill recorded in
connection with the Encinal acquisition to potential future benefits we may
realize from our other south Texas processing and NGL businesses as a result of
acquiring the Encinal business. Specifically, our acquisition of the
long-term dedication rights associated with the Encinal business is expected to
add value to our south Texas processing facilities and related NGL businesses
due to increased volumes. The Encinal goodwill is recorded as part of
the NGL Pipelines & Services business segment due to management';s belief
that such future benefits will accrue to businesses classified within this
segment. 
 
 Acquisition
of Dixie and Great Divide . In 2008, we recorded goodwill in connection
with our acquisition of the remaining third-party interest in Dixie and with the
acquisition of Great Divide. The remaining ownership interests in
Dixie were acquired from Amoco Pipeline Holding Company in August
2008. Management attributes the goodwill to future earnings growth on
the Dixie Pipeline. Specifically, a 100% ownership interest in the
Dixie Pipeline will increase our flexibility to pursue future
opportunities. Great Divide was acquired from EnCana in December
2008. The Great Divide goodwill is attributable to management';s
expectations of future economics benefits derived from incremental natural gas
processing margins and other downstream activities. 
 
 The Dixie
and Great Divide goodwill amounts are recorded as part of the NGL Pipelines
& Services business segment due to management';s belief that such future
benefits will accrue to businesses classified within this segment. 
 
 Acquisition
of Cenac and Horizon . Also in 2008, we recorded goodwill in
connection with our acquisition of marine services businesses, which are
recorded as a part of the Petrochemical & Refined Products Services business
segment due to management';s belief of potential future economic benefits we
expect to realize as a result of acquiring these assets. 
 
 Other
goodwill amounts . The remainder of our goodwill amounts are
associated with prior acquisitions, principally that of our crude oil pipeline
and services business originally purchased by TEPPCO in 2001, our purchase of a
propylene fractionation business in February 2002 and our acquisition of
indirect ownership interests in the Indian Springs natural gas gathering and
processing business in January 2005. 

 F-51 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 12. Debt Obligations 
 
 Our
consolidated debt obligations consisted of the following at the dates
indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 EPO
 senior debt obligations: 

 Multi-Year
 Revolving Credit Facility, variable-rate, due November
2012 

 $ 
 195.5 

 $ 
 800.0 

 Pascagoula
 MBFC Loan, 8.70% fixed-rate, due March 2010 (1) 

 54.0 

 54.0 

 Petal
 GO Zone Bonds, variable-rate, due August 2037 

 57.5 

 57.5 

 Yen
 Term Loan, 4.93% fixed-rate, due March 2009 

 -- 

 217.6 

 Senior
 Notes B, 7.50% fixed-rate, due February 2011 

 450.0 

 450.0 

 Senior
 Notes C, 6.375% fixed-rate, due February 2013 

 350.0 

 350.0 

 Senior
 Notes D, 6.875% fixed-rate, due March 2033 

 500.0 

 500.0 

 Senior
 Notes F, 4.625% fixed-rate, due October 2009 

 -- 

 500.0 

 Senior
 Notes G, 5.60% fixed-rate, due October 2014 

 650.0 

 650.0 

 Senior
 Notes H, 6.65% fixed-rate, due October 2034 

 350.0 

 350.0 

 Senior
 Notes I, 5.00% fixed-rate, due March 2015 

 250.0 

 250.0 

 Senior
 Notes J, 5.75% fixed-rate, due March 2035 

 250.0 

 250.0 

 Senior
 Notes K, 4.95% fixed-rate, due June 2010 (1) 

 500.0 

 500.0 

 Senior
 Notes L, 6.30% fixed-rate, due September 2017 

 800.0 

 800.0 

 Senior
 Notes M, 5.65% fixed-rate, due April 2013 

 400.0 

 400.0 

 Senior
 Notes N, 6.50% fixed-rate, due January 2019 

 700.0 

 700.0 

 Senior
 Notes O, 9.75% fixed-rate, due January 2014 

 500.0 

 500.0 

 Senior
 Notes P, 4.60% fixed-rate, due August 2012 

 500.0 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes Q, 5.25% fixed-rate, due January 2020 

 500.0 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes R, 6.125% fixed-rate, due October 2039 

 600.0 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes S, 7.625% fixed-rate, due February 2012 (2) 

 490.5 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes T, 6.125% fixed-rate, due February 2013 (2) 

 182.5 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes U, 5.90% fixed-rate, due April 2013 (2) 

 237.6 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes V, 6.65% fixed-rate, due April 2018 (2) 

 349.7 

 -- 

 Senior
 Notes W, 7.55% fixed-rate, due April 2038 (2) 

 399.6 

 -- 

 TEPPCO
 senior debt obligations: 

 TEPPCO
 Revolving Credit Facility, variable-rate, due December
2012 

 -- 

 516.7 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes (2) 

 40.1 

 1,700.0 

 Duncan
 Energy Partners'; debt obligations: 

 DEP
 Revolving Credit Facility, variable-rate, due February
2011 

 175.0 

 202.0 

 DEP
 Term Loan, variable-rate, due December 2011 

 282.3 

 282.3 

 Total
 principal amount of senior debt obligations 

 9,764.3 

 10,030.1 

 EPO
 Junior Subordinated Notes A, fixed/variable-rate, due August
 2066 

 550.0 

 550.0 

 EPO
 Junior Subordinated Notes B, fixed/variable-rate, due January
 2068 

 682.7 

 682.7 

 EPO
 Junior Subordinated Notes C, fixed/variable-rate, due June 2067
 (2) 

 285.8 

 -- 

 TEPPCO
 Junior Subordinated Notes, fixed/variable-rate, due June 2067 (2) 

 14.2 

 300.0 

 Total
 principal amount of senior and junior debt obligations 

 11,297.0 

 11,562.8 

 Other,
 non-principal amounts: 

 Change
 in fair value of debt-related derivative instruments (see Note
 6) 

 44.4 

 51.9 

 Unamortized
 discounts, net of premiums 

 (18.7 
 ) 

 (12.6 
 ) 

 Unamortized
 deferred net gains related to terminated interest rate swaps (see Note
 6) 

 23.7 

 35.8 

 Total
 other, non-principal amounts 

 49.4 

 75.1 

 Total
 long-term debt 

 $ 
 11,346.4 

 $ 
 11,637.9 

 (1)
 Long-term
 and current maturities of debt reflect the classification of such
 obligations at December 31, 2009 after taking into consideration
 EPO';s ability to use available borrowing capacity under its Multi-Year
 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 (2)
 Substantially
 all of TEPPCO debt obligations were exchanged for a corresponding series
 of new EPO notes in October 2009 in connection with the TEPPCO
 Merger. 

 Letters
of Credit 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, EPO had outstanding a $50.0 million letter of credit related
to its commodity derivative instruments and a $58.3 million letter of credit
related to its Petal GO Zone Bonds. These letter of credit facilities
do not reduce the amount available for borrowing under EPO';s credit
facilities. 

 F-52 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Parent-Subsidiary
Guarantor Relationships 
 
 Enterprise
Products Partners acts as guarantor of the consolidated debt obligations of EPO
with the exception of the DEP Revolving Credit Facility and the DEP Term Loan
Agreement. If EPO were to default on any of its guaranteed debt,
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. would be responsible for full repayment of
that obligation. Additionally, TEPPCO';s remaining debt obligations
are non-recourse to Enterprise Products Partners. 
 
 EPO';s
Debt Obligations 
 
 Multi-Year
Revolving Credit Facility . We have in place a $1.75 billion
unsecured revolving credit facility, including the issuance of letters of credit
(";Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility";), which matures in November
2012. Our credit facility has a term-out option that allows for us on
the maturity date to convert the principal balance of all revolving loans then
outstanding into a non-revolving one-year term loan. The credit facility
allows us to request unlimited one-year extensions of the maturity date, subject
to lender approval. The total amount of the
bank commitments may be increased, without the consent of the lenders, by an
amount not exceeding $500.0 million by adding one or more lenders to the
facility and/or requesting that the commitments of existing lenders be
increased. 
 
 As
defined by the credit agreement, variable interest rates charged under this
facility bear interest at a Eurodollar rate plus an applicable
margin. In addition, EPO is required to pay a quarterly facility fee
on each lender';s commitment irrespective of commitment usage. The
applicable margins will be increased by 0.1% per annum for each day that the
total outstanding loans and letter of credit obligations under the facility
exceeds 50% of the total lender commitments. Also, if we exercise our
term-out option at the maturity date, the applicable margin will increase by
0.125% per annum and, if immediately prior to such election, the total amount of
outstanding loans and letter of credit obligations under the facility exceeds
50% of the total lender commitments, the applicable margin with respect to the
term loan will increase by an additional 0.1% per annum. 
 
 The
Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility contains certain financial and other
customary affirmative and negative covenants. The credit agreement
also restricts EPO';s ability to pay cash distributions to us if a default or an
event of default (as defined in the credit agreement) has occurred and is
continuing at the time such distribution is scheduled to be paid. 
 
 EPO';s
borrowings under this agreement are unsecured general obligations that are
non-recourse to EPGP. We have guaranteed repayment of amounts due
under this revolving credit agreement through an unsecured
guarantee. 
 
 Pascagoula
MBFC Loan . This loan, from the Mississippi Business Finance
Corporation (";MBFC";), matured on March 1, 2010 and was repaid. 
 
 Petal GO
Zone Bonds . In August 2007,
Petal Gas Storage, L.L.C. (";Petal";), a wholly owned subsidiary of EPO,
borrowed $57.5 million from the MBFC pursuant to a loan agreement and
promissory note between Petal and the MBFC. The promissory note
between Petal and MBFC is guaranteed by EPO and supported by a letter of credit
issued by a bank that expires in August 2014. On the same date, the
MBFC issued $57.5 million in Gulf Opportunity Zone Tax-Exempt (";GO Zone";) bonds
to various third parties. The promissory note and the GO Zone
bonds have identical terms including floating interest rates and maturities of
30 years. 
 
 Petal
MBFC Loan . In August 2007,
Petal entered into a loan agreement and a promissory note with the MBFC under
which Petal may borrow up to $29.5 million. On the same date, the MBFC
issued taxable bonds to EPO in the maximum amount of $29.5 million. At
December 31, 2009, there was $8.9 million outstanding under the loan and the
bonds. The promissory note and the taxable bonds have
identical terms. The loan and bonds and the related interest expense
and income amounts are netted in preparing our consolidated financial
statements. 

 F-53 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Japanese
Yen Term Loan . In November
2008, EPO executed the Yen Term Loan in the amount of approximately 20.7 billion
yen (approximately $217.6 million U.S. Dollar equivalent on the closing
date). EPO entered into foreign exchange currency swaps that
effectively converted the loan into a U.S. Dollar loan with a fixed interest
rate of approximately 4.93%. The Yen Term Loan matured on March 30,
2009. Additionally, EPO executed a forward purchase exchange (yen
principal and interest due) at an exchange rate of 94.515 to eliminate foreign
exchange risk, resulting in a payment of US$221.6 million on March 30,
2009. 
 
 364-Day
Revolving Credit Facility . 

From November 2008 through June 2009, we had a $375.0 million standby credit
facility. The facility was never utilized and was terminated in June
2009 under its terms as a result of issuing senior notes. 
 
 Senior
Notes . Our senior fixed-rate notes are unsecured obligations
of EPO and rank equally with its existing and future unsecured and
unsubordinated indebtedness. They are senior to any future
subordinated indebtedness. EPO';s borrowings under these notes are
non-recourse to EPGP. We have guaranteed repayment of amounts due
under these notes through an unsecured and unsubordinated
guarantee. Our guarantee of such notes is non-recourse to
EPGP. Our senior notes are subject to make-whole redemption rights
and were issued under indentures containing certain covenants, which generally
restrict EPO';s ability, with certain exceptions, to incur debt secured by liens
and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. 
 
 In June
2009, EPO issued $500.0 million in principal amount of 3-year senior unsecured
notes (Senior Notes P) at 99.95% of their principal amount. In
October 2009, EPO issued: (i) $500.0 million in principal amount of 10-year
unsecured notes (Senior Notes Q) at 99.355% of their principal amount and (ii)
$600.0 million in principal amount of 30-year unsecured notes (Senior Notes R)
at 99.386% of their principal amount. Net proceeds from the issuance
of these senior notes were used (i) to repay amounts borrowed under a $200.0
million term loan that EPO entered into during April 2009, (ii) to repay $500.0
million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes F that matured in October
2009, (iii) to temporarily reduce borrowings outstanding under EPO';s Multi-Year
Revolving Credit Facility and (iv) for general partnership
purposes. 
 
 In
connection with the TEPPCO Merger, EPO offered to exchange all of TEPPCO';s
outstanding senior notes for a corresponding series of new EPO senior
notes. The exchanges were completed on October 27, 2009 as
follows: 

 TEPPCO 
 Notes 
 Exchanged 

 Corresponding 
 Series
 of New 
 EPO
 Notes 

 Aggregate 
 Principal 
 Amount 

 Principal 
 Amount 
 Exchanged 

 Principal 
 Amount 
 Remaining 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes, 7.625% 
 fixed-rate,
 due February 2012 

 Senior
 Notes S, 7.625% 
 fixed-rate,
 due February 2012 

 $ 
 500.0 

 $ 
 490.5 

 $ 
 9.5 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes, 6.125% 
 fixed-rate,
 due February 2013 

 Senior
 Notes T, 6.125% 
 fixed-rate,
 due February 2013 

 200.0 

 182.5 

 17.5 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes, 5.90% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2013 

 Senior
 Notes U, 5.90% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2013 

 250.0 

 237.6 

 12.4 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes, 6.65% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2018 

 Senior
 Notes V, 6.65% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2018 

 350.0 

 349.7 

 0.3 

 TEPPCO
 Senior Notes, 7.55% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2038 

 Senior
 Notes W, 7.55% 
 fixed-rate,
 due April 2038 

 400.0 

 399.6 

 0.4 

 $ 
 1,700.0 

 $ 
 1,659.9 

 $ 
 40.1 

 Junior
Subordinated Notes. EPO';s payment obligations under its junior
notes are subordinated to all of its current and future senior indebtedness (as
defined in the related indenture agreement). We have guaranteed
repayment of amounts due under these notes through an unsecured and subordinated
guarantee. The indenture agreement governing these notes allows EPO
to defer interest payments on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive
years subject to certain conditions. During any period in which
interest payments are deferred and subject to certain exceptions, neither we nor
EPO can declare or make any distributions to any of our respective equity
securities or make any payments on indebtedness or other obligations that rank
pari passu with or
are subordinate to our junior notes. Each series of our
subordinated 

 F-54 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 junior
notes are ranked equally with each other. Generally, each series of
junior subordinated notes are not redeemable by EPO without payment of a
make-whole premium while the notes bear interest at a fixed annual
rate. 
 
 In
connection with the issuance of each series of junior subordinated notes, EPO
entered into separate Replacement Capital Covenants in favor of covered debt
holders (as defined in the underlying documents) pursuant to which EPO agreed
for the benefit of such debt holders that it would not redeem or repurchase such
junior notes unless such redemption or repurchase is made using proceeds from
the issuance of certain securities. 
 
 In
connection with the TEPPCO Merger, EPO offered to exchange TEPPCO';s outstanding
junior subordinated notes for a corresponding series of new EPO junior
subordinated notes. The exchange was completed on October 27,
2009: 

 TEPPCO 
 Notes 
 Exchanged 

 Corresponding 
 Series
 of New 
 EPO
 Notes 

 Aggregate 
 Principal 
 Amount 

 Principal 
 Amount 
 Exchanged 

 Principal 
 Amount 
 Remaining 

 TEPPCO
 Junior Subordinated 
 Notes,
 fixed/variable-rate, 
 due
 June 2067 

 EPO
 Junior Subordinated Notes C, 
 fixed/variable-rate,
 due June 2067 

 $ 
 300.0 

 $ 
 285.8 

 $ 
 14.2 

 The
following table summarizes the interest rate terms of our junior subordinated
notes: 

 Variable
 Annual 

 Fixed
 Annual 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Series 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Thereafter 

 Junior
 Subordinated Notes A 

 8.375%
 through August 2016 (1) 

 3-month
 LIBOR rate + 3.708% (4) 

 Junior
 Subordinated Notes B 

 7.034%
 through January 2018 (2) 

 Greater
 of: (i) 3-month LIBOR rate + 2.68% or (ii)
 7.034% (5) 

 Junior
 Subordinated Notes C 

 7.00%
 through June 2017 (3) 

 3-month
 LIBOR rate + 2.778% (6) 

 (1)
 Interest
 is payable semi-annually in arrears in February and August of each year,
 which commenced in February 2007. 
 (2)
 Interest
 is payable semi-annually in arrears in January and July of each year,
 which commenced in January 2008. 
 (3)
 Interest
 is payable semi-annually in arrears in June and December of each year,
 which commenced in December 2009. 
 (4)
 Interest
 is payable quarterly in arrears in February, May, August and November of
 each year commencing in November 2016. 
 (5)
 Interest
 is payable quarterly in arrears in January, April, July and October of
 each year commencing in April 2018. 
 (6)
 Interest
 is payable quarterly in arrears in March, June, September and December of
 each year commencing in June 2017. 

 TEPPCO';s
Debt Obligations 
 
 TEPPCO
Revolving Credit Facility. Upon consummation of the TEPPCO
Merger, EPO repaid and terminated all of the outstanding indebtedness under the
TEPPCO Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 TEPPCO
Senior Notes .
 As
previously discussed, on October 27, 2009, $1.66 billion of the TEPPCO Senior
Notes were exchanged for an equal amount of new EPO Senior Notes. In addition to the debt
exchange, substantially all of the restrictive covenants and reporting
requirements associated with the remaining TEPPCO Senior Notes were eliminated
through amendments that became effective on October 26, 2009. 
 
 TE
Products Pipeline Company, LLC, TCTM, L.P., TEPPCO Midstream Companies, LLC and
Val Verde Gas Gathering Company, L.P. (collectively, the ";Subsidiary
Guarantors";) acted as guarantors of TEPPCO';s outstanding senior notes through
November 2009. The subsidiary guarantees were terminated in November
2009. 
 
 TEPPCO
Junior Subordinated Notes . As discussed above, on October 27,
2009, $285.8 million of the TEPPCO Junior Subordinated Notes were exchanged for
an equal amount of new EPO Junior Subordinated Notes. In addition to
the debt exchange, substantially all of the restrictive covenants and reporting
requirements associated with the remaining TEPPCO Junior Subordinated Notes were
eliminated through amendments that became effective on October 26,
2009. 

 F-55 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
Subsidiary Guarantors also acted as guarantors, on a junior subordinated basis,
of TEPPCO';s outstanding junior subordinated notes through November
2009. These subsidiary guarantees were terminated in November
2009. 
 
 The terms
and provisions of the TEPPCO';s Junior Subordinated Notes are similar to each
series of EPO';s junior subordinated notes. For example, they: (i) are
general unsecured subordinated obligations, (ii) allow interest payments to be
deferred for multiple periods of up to ten consecutive years and (iii) are
subordinated in right of payment to all existing and future senior
indebtedness. The maturity date, the interest rate and the interest
payment due dates are the identical to EPO';s Junior Subordinated Notes C as
discussed above. 
 
 In
connection with the issuance of the TEPPCO Junior Subordinated Notes, TEPPCO and
its Subsidiary Guarantors entered into a Replacement Capital Covenant in favor
of the covered debt holders (as defined in the underlying documents) pursuant to
which TEPPCO agreed for the benefit of such debt holders that it would not
redeem or repurchase such junior notes unless such redemption or repurchase is
made using proceeds from the issuance of certain securities. The
Replacement Capital Covenant is not a term of the governing indenture or the
junior subordinated notes. 
 
 Duncan
Energy Partners'; Debt Obligations 
 
 We
consolidate the debt of Duncan Energy Partners with that of our own; however, we
do not have the obligation to make interest payments or debt payments with
respect to the debt of Duncan Energy Partners. 
 
 DEP
Revolving Credit Facility . Duncan Energy
Partners has in place a $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility, all of
which may be used for letters of credit, with a $30.0 million sublimit for
Swingline loans. This credit facility will be used by Duncan Energy
Partners in the future to fund working capital and other capital requirements
and for general partnership purposes. Duncan Energy Partners may make
up to two requests for one-year extensions of the maturity date, which is
February 2011 (subject to certain restrictions). The revolving credit
facility is available to pay distributions to its partners, fund working
capital, make acquisitions and provide payment for general
purposes. Duncan Energy Partners can increase the revolving credit
facility, without consent of the lenders, by an amount not to exceed
$150.0 million, by adding to the facility one or more new lenders and/or
requesting that the commitments of existing lenders be increased. 
 
 This revolving credit facility offers
the following unsecured loans, each having different interest requirements: (i)
a Eurodollar rate, plus the applicable Eurodollar margin (as defined in the
credit agreement), (ii) Base Rate loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal
to the higher of (a) the rate of interest publicly announced by the
administrative agent, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as its Base Rate and
(b) 0.5% per annum above the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such date and (iii)
Swingline loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus an
applicable LIBOR margin. 
 
 The Duncan Energy Partners'; credit
facility contains certain financial and other customary affirmative and negative
covenants. Also, if an event of default exists under the credit
agreement, the lenders will be able to accelerate the maturity date of amounts
borrowed under the credit agreement and exercise other rights and
remedies. 
 
 DEP Term
Loan . In April 2008,
Duncan Energy Partners entered into a standby term loan agreement consisting of
commitments for up to a $300.0 million senior unsecured term
loan. Subsequently, commitments under this agreement decreased to
$282.3 million due to bankruptcy of one of the lenders. Duncan Energy
Partners borrowed the full amount of $282.3 million on December 8, 2008 in
connection with the acquisition of equity interests in midstream energy
businesses. 
 
 Duncan Energy Partners may prepay loans
under the term loan agreement at any time, subject to prior notice in accordance
with the credit agreement. Loans may also be payable earlier in
connection with an event of default. 

 F-56 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Loans under the term loan agreement
bear interest of the type specified in the applicable borrowing request, and
consist of either Alternate Base Rate loans or Eurodollar loans. The
term loan agreement contains certain financial and other customary affirmative
and negative covenants. 
 
 Dixie
Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Dixie';s
debt obligation consisted of a senior, unsecured revolving credit facility
having a borrowing capacity of $28.0 million. This credit facility
was terminated in January 2009. 
 
 Canadian
Debt Obligation 
 
 In May
2007, Canadian Enterprise Gas Products, Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of EPO,
entered into a $30.0 million Canadian revolving credit facility with The Bank of
Nova Scotia. The credit facility, which includes the issuance of
letters of credit, matures in October 2011. Letters of credit
outstanding under this facility reduce the amount available for
borrowings. The credit facility contains customary covenants and
events of default. The obligations under the credit facility are
guaranteed by EPO. As of December 31, 2009, there were no debt
obligations outstanding under this credit facility. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 We were
in compliance with the financial covenants of our consolidated debt agreements
at December 31, 2009. 
 
 Information
Regarding Variable Interest Rates Paid 
 
 The
following table presents the range of interest rates and weighted-average
interest rates paid on our consolidated variable-rate debt obligations during
the year ended December 31, 2009: 

 Range
 of 

 Weighted-Average 

 Interest
 Rates 

 Interest
 Rate 

 Paid 

 Paid 

 EPO
 Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility 

 0.73%
 to 3.25% 

 0.95% 

 TEPPCO
 Revolving Credit Facility 

 0.75%
 to 3.25% 

 0.88% 

 DEP
 Revolving Credit Facility 

 0.81%
 to 2.74% 

 1.48% 

 DEP
 Term Loan 

 0.93%
 to 2.93% 

 1.15% 

 Petal
 GO Zone Bonds 

 0.21%
 to 2.75% 

 0.60% 

 Consolidated
Debt Maturity Table 
 
 The
following table presents contractually scheduled maturities of our consolidated
debt obligations for the next five years, and in total thereafter. 

 Scheduled
 Maturities of Debt 

 After 

 Total 

 2010 (1) 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 2014 

 Revolving
 Credit Facilities 

 $ 
 370.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 175.0 

 $ 
 195.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 Senior
 Notes 

 9,000.0 

 500.0 

 450.0 

 1,000.0 

 1,200.0 

 1,150.0 

 4,700.0 

 Term
 Loans 

 282.3 

 -- 

 282.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Junior
 Subordinated Notes 

 1,532.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,532.7 

 Other 

 111.5 

 54.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 57.5 

 Total 

 $ 
 11,297.0 

 $ 
 554.0 

 $ 
 907.3 

 $ 
 1,195.5 

 $ 
 1,200.0 

 $ 
 1,150.0 

 $ 
 6,290.2 

 (1) Long-term
 and current maturities of debt reflect the classification of such
 obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2009 after
 taking into consideration EPO';s ability to use available borrowing
 capacity under its Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility. 

 F-57 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Debt
Obligations of Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 We have
three unconsolidated affiliates with long-term debt obligations. The
following table shows (i) the ownership interest in each entity at December 31,
2009, (ii) total debt of each unconsolidated affiliate at December 31, 2009 (on
a 100% basis to the unconsolidated affiliate) and (iii) the corresponding
scheduled maturities of such debt. 

 Scheduled
 Maturities of Debt 

 Ownership 

 After 

 Interest 

 Total 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 2014 

 Poseidon 

 36% 

 $ 
 92.0 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 92.0 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 Evangeline 

 49.5% 

 10.7 

 3.2 

 7.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Centennial 

 50% 

 120.0 

 9.1 

 9.0 

 8.9 

 8.6 

 8.6 

 75.8 

 Total 

 $ 
 222.7 

 $ 
 12.3 

 $ 
 108.5 

 $ 
 8.9 

 $ 
 8.6 

 $ 
 8.6 

 $ 
 75.8 

 The
credit agreements of these unconsolidated affiliates include customary
covenants, including financial covenants. These businesses were in
compliance with such financial covenants at December 31, 2009. The
credit agreements of these unconsolidated affiliates restrict their ability to
pay cash dividends or distributions if a default or an event of default (as
defined in each credit agreement) has occurred and is continuing at the time
such dividend or distribution is scheduled to be paid. 
 
 The
following information summarizes the significant terms of the debt obligations
of these unconsolidated affiliates at December 31, 2009: 
 
 Poseidon. At
December 31, 2009, Poseidon';s debt obligations consisted of $92.0 million
outstanding under its $150.0 million variable-rate revolving credit
facility. Amounts borrowed under this facility mature in May 2011 and
are secured by substantially all of Poseidon';s assets. The
weighted-average variable interest rates charged on this debt at December 31,
2009 and 2008 were 1.88% and 4.31%, respectively. 
 
 Evangeline. At
December 31, 2009, Evangeline';s debt obligations consisted of: (i) $3.2 million
in principal amount of 9.90% fixed-rate Series B senior secured notes due
December 2010 and (ii) a $7.5 million subordinated note payable due in
2011. The Series B senior secured notes are collateralized by
Evangeline';s property, plant and equipment; proceeds from a gas sales contract
and by a debt service reserve requirement. 
 
 Evangeline
incurred the subordinated note payable as a result of its acquisition of a
contract-based intangible asset in the early 1990s. This note is
subject to a subordination agreement which prevents the repayment of principal
and accrued interest on the subordinated note until such time as the Series B
noteholders are either fully cash secured through debt service accounts or have
been completely repaid. 
 
 Variable-rate interest accrues on the
subordinated note at LIBOR plus 0.5%. The weighted-average variable
interest rates charged on this note at December 31, 2009 and 2008 were 1.59% and
3.62%, respectively. Accrued interest payable related to the
subordinated note was $10.2 million and $9.8 million at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively. 
 
 Centennial . At
December 31, 2009, Centennial';s debt obligations consisted of $120.0 million
borrowed under a master shelf loan agreement through two private placements,
with interest rates ranging from 7.99% to 8.09%. Borrowings under the
master shelf agreement mature in May 2024 and are collateralized by
substantially all of Centennial';s assets and severally guaranteed by
Centennial';s owners. 
 
 We and
our joint venture partner in Centennial have each guaranteed one-half of
Centennial';s debt obligations. If Centennial were to default on its
debt obligations, the estimated payment obligation would be $60.0 million based
on amounts outstanding at December 31, 2009. We recognized a
liability of $8.4 million for our share of the Centennial debt guaranty at
December 31, 2009. 

 F-58 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 13. Equity and Distributions 
 
 Our
common units represent limited partner interests, which give the holders thereof
the right to participate in distributions and to exercise the other rights or
privileges available to them under our Fifth Amended and
Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership (together with all amendments thereto,
the ";Partnership Agreement";). We are managed by our general partner,
EPGP. 
 
 In
accordance with the Partnership Agreement, capital accounts are maintained for
our general partner and limited partners. The capital account
provisions of our Partnership Agreement incorporate principles established for
U.S. Federal income tax purposes and are not comparable to the equity accounts
reflected under GAAP in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our
Partnership Agreement sets forth the calculation to be used in determining the
amount and priority of cash distributions that our limited partners and general
partner will receive. The Partnership Agreement also contains
provisions for the allocation of net earnings and losses to our limited partners
and general partner. For purposes of maintaining partner capital
accounts, the Partnership Agreement specifies that items of income and loss
shall be allocated among the partners in accordance with their respective
percentage interests. Normal income and loss allocations according to
percentage interests are done only after giving effect to priority earnings
allocations in an amount equal to incentive cash distributions allocated to our
general partner. 
 
 In August
2005, we revised our Partnership Agreement to allow EPGP, at its discretion, to
elect not to make its proportionate capital contributions to us in connection
with our issuance of limited partner interests, in which case its 2% general
partner interest would be proportionately reduced. At the time of
such offerings, EPGP has historically contributed cash to us to maintain its 2%
general partner interest. EPGP made such cash contributions to us
during the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. If EPGP exercises
this option in the future, the amount of earnings we allocate to it and the cash
distributions it receives from us will be reduced accordingly. If
this occurs, EPGP can, under certain conditions, restore its full 2% general
partner interest by making additional cash contributions to us. 
 
 Registration
Statements and Equity Offerings 
 
 In general, the Partnership Agreement
authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional limited partner
interests and other equity securities for such consideration and on such terms
and conditions as may be established by EPGP in its sole discretion (subject,
under certain circumstances, to the approval of our unitholders). 
 
 We have
filed registration statements with the SEC authorizing the issuance of up to an
aggregate 40,000,000 common units in connection with our distribution
reinvestment plan (";DRIP";). The DRIP provides unitholders of record
and beneficial owners of our common units a voluntary means by which they can
increase the number of common units they own by reinvesting the quarterly cash
distributions they would otherwise receive into the purchase of additional
common units. A total of 33,380,130 common units have been issued
under the DRIP registration statement through December 31, 2009. 
 
 In May
2004, we filed a registration statement with the SEC authorizing the issuance of
up to 1,200,000 common units in connection with our employee unit purchase plan
(";EUPP";). Under this plan, employees of EPCO can purchase our common
units at a 10% discount through payroll deductions. A total of
832,134 common units have been issued to employees under this plan through
December 31, 2009. 
 
 In August
2007, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC that allows
us to issue an unlimited amount of debt and equity securities. We
have issued 18,927,500 common units in underwritten offerings under this
registration statement generating $452.0 million of net cash proceeds through
December 31, 2009. In addition, we have issued $4.0 billion of senior
notes under this registration statement through December 31,
2009. 

 F-59 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 On
September 4, 2009, we agreed to issue 5,940,594 common units in a private
placement to EPCO Holdings, Inc., a privately held affiliate controlled by Dan
L. Duncan, for $150.0 million. In accordance with the terms of the
private placement, as approved by the Audit, Conflicts and Governance (";ACG";)
Committee of EPGP';s Board of Directors on September 1, 2009, the per unit
purchase price of $25.25 was calculated based on a 5% discount to the five-day
volume weighted-average price of our common units, as reported by the NYSE at
the close of business on September 4, 2009. The common units were
issued September 8, 2009. 
 
 The
following table reflects the number of common units issued and the net cash
proceeds received from underwritten and other common unit offerings completed
during the periods presented: 

 Net
 Cash Proceeds from Sale of Common Units 

 Number
 of 

 Contributed 

 Contributed
 by 

 Total 

 Common
 Units 

 by
 Limited 

 General 

 Net
 Cash 

 Issued 

 Partners 

 Partner 

 Proceeds 

 Fiscal
 2007: 

 DRIP
 and EUPP 

 2,056,615 

 $ 
 60.4 

 $ 
 1.2 

 $ 
 61.6 

 Total
 2007 

 2,056,615 

 $ 
 60.4 

 $ 
 1.2 

 $ 
 61.6 

 Fiscal
 2008: 

 DRIP
 and EUPP 

 5,523,946 

 $ 
 139.3 

 $ 
 2.8 

 $ 
 142.1 

 Total
 2008 

 5,523,946 

 $ 
 139.3 

 $ 
 2.8 

 $ 
 142.1 

 Fiscal
 2009: 

 January
 underwritten offering 

 10,590,000 

 $ 
 225.6 

 $ 
 4.6 

 $ 
 230.2 

 DRIP
 and EUPP 

 12,089,920 

 290.8 

 5.9 

 296.7 

 September
 private placement 

 5,940,594 

 150.0 

 3.1 

 153.1 

 September
 underwritten offering 

 8,337,500 

 226.4 

 4.6 

 231.0 

 Total
 2009 

 36,958,014 

 $ 
 892.8 

 $ 
 18.2 

 $ 
 911.0 

 Net cash
proceeds received from our underwritten and other offerings completed during
2009 were used to temporarily reduce borrowings outstanding under EPO';s
Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility and for general partnership
purposes. 
 
 Class
B Units 
 
 In
October 2009, in connection with the TEPPCO Merger, a privately held affiliate
of EPCO exchanged a portion of its TEPPCO units, based on the 1.24 exchange
rate, for 4,520,431 of our Class B units in lieu of common units. The
Class B units are not entitled to regular quarterly cash distributions for the
first sixteen quarters following the closing date of the merger. The
Class B units automatically convert into the same number of common units on the
date immediately following the payment date for the sixteenth quarterly
distribution following the closing date of the merger. The Class B
units are entitled to vote together with the common units as a single class on
partnership matters and, except for the payment of distributions, have the same
rights and privileges as our common units. 

 F-60 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Summary
of Changes in Outstanding Units 
 
 The
following table summarizes changes in our outstanding units since December 31,
2006: 

 Restricted 

 Common 

 Common 

 Class
 B 

 Treasury 

 Units 

 Units 

 Units 

 Units 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

 431,303,193 

 1,105,237 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with DRIP and EUPP 

 2,056,615 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with equity awards 

 244,071 

 738,040 

 -- 

 -- 

 Forfeiture
 or settlement of restricted units 

 -- 

 (149,853 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Conversion
 of restricted units to common units 

 4,884 

 (4,884 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2007 

 433,608,763 

 1,688,540 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with DRIP and EUPP 

 5,523,946 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with equity awards 

 21,905 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Restricted
 units issued 

 -- 

 766,200 

 -- 

 -- 

 Forfeiture
 or settlement of restricted units 

 -- 

 (88,777 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Conversion
 of restricted units to common units 

 285,363 

 (285,363 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 (85,246 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 85,246 

 Cancellation
 of treasury units 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (85,246 
 ) 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2008 

 439,354,731 

 2,080,600 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with underwritten offerings 

 18,927,500 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with private placement 

 5,940,594 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with DRIP and EUPP 

 12,089,920 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with equity awards 

 59,638 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Common
 units issued in connection with the TEPPCO Merger 

 126,624,302 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Class
 B units issued in connection with the TEPPCO Merger 

 -- 

 -- 

 4,520,431 

 -- 

 Restricted
 units issued 

 -- 

 1,025,650 

 -- 

 -- 

 Restricted
 units issued in connection with the TEPPCO Merger 

 -- 

 308,016 

 -- 

 -- 

 Forfeiture
 of restricted units 

 -- 

 (411,884 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Conversion
 of restricted units to common units 

 281,500 

 (281,500 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 (75,357 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 75,357 

 Cancellation
 of treasury units 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 (75,357 
 ) 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2009 

 603,202,828 

 2,720,882 

 4,520,431 

 -- 

 Treasury
Units . In 2000, we and a consolidated trust (the ";1999 Trust";)
were authorized by EPGP to repurchase up to 2,000,000 publicly-held common units
under an announced buy-back program. The repurchases would be made
during periods of temporary market weakness at price levels that would be
accretive to our remaining unitholders. After deducting for
repurchases under the program in prior periods, we and the 1999 Trust could
repurchase up to 618,400 common units at December 31, 2009. 
 
 During
the year ended December 31, 2009, 281,500 restricted unit awards vested and were
converted to common units. Of this amount, 75,357 were sold back to
us by employees to cover related withholding tax requirements. The
total cost of these treasury units was approximately $2.1 million, of which a
minimal amount was allocated to our general partner. We cancelled
such treasury units immediately upon acquisition. 

 F-61 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Summary
of Changes in Limited Partners'; Equity 
 
 The
following table details the changes in limited partners'; equity since December
31, 2006: 

 Restricted 

 Common 

 Common 

 Class
 B 

 Units 

 Units 

 Units 

 Total 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2006 

 $ 
 6,320.5 

 $ 
 9.3 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 6,329.8 

 Net
 income 

 416.3 

 1.4 

 -- 

 417.7 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.1 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (831.2 
 ) 

 (2.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 (833.8 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (3.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (3.0 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 60.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 60.4 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 7.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 7.5 

 Repurchase
 of restricted units and options 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 (1.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1.5 
 ) 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 4.9 

 8.8 

 -- 

 13.7 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2007 

 5,977.0 

 15.9 

 -- 

 5,992.9 

 Net
 income 

 807.9 

 3.6 

 -- 

 811.5 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.0 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (888.8 
 ) 

 (3.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 (892.7 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (0.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.6 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 -- 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 139.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 139.3 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 (0.6 
 ) 

 12.5 

 -- 

 11.9 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2008 

 6,036.9 

 26.2 

 -- 

 6,063.1 

 Net
 income 

 847.8 

 4.4 

 -- 

 852.2 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (1,064.1 
 ) 

 (5.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1,069.3 
 ) 

 Unit
 option reimbursements to EPCO 

 (2.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2.4 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of treasury units 

 -- 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 Common
 units and Class B units issued in connection with the TEPPCO
 Merger 

 2,455.6 

 -- 

 118.5 

 2,574.1 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 892.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 892.8 

 Cash
 proceeds from exercise of unit options 

 1.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.7 

 Amortization
 of equity awards 

 4.5 

 14.4 

 -- 

 18.9 

 Balance,
 December 31, 2009 

 $ 
 9,173.5 

 $ 
 37.7 

 $ 
 118.5 

 $ 
 9,329.7 

 Distributions
to Partners 
 
 The
percentage interest of EPGP in our quarterly cash distributions is increased
after certain specified target levels of quarterly distribution rates are
met. At current distribution rates, we are in the highest tier of
such incentive targets. EPGP';s quarterly incentive distribution
thresholds are as follows: 

 &#167; 

 2%
 of quarterly cash distributions up to $0.253 per
 unit; 

 &#167; 

 15%
 of quarterly cash distributions from $0.253 per unit up to $0.3085 per
 unit; and 

 &#167; 

 25%
 of quarterly cash distributions that exceed $0.3085 per
 unit. 

 We paid
incentive distributions of $161.3 million, $125.9 million and $107.4 million to
EPGP during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 

 F-62 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table presents our declared quarterly cash distribution rates per unit
since the first quarter of 2008 and the related record and distribution payment
dates. The quarterly cash distribution rates per unit correspond to
the fiscal quarters indicated. Actual cash distributions are paid
within 45 days after the end of such fiscal quarter. 

 Distribution 

 Record 

 Payment 

 per
 Unit 

 Date 

 Date 

 2008 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $0.5075 

 Apr.
 30, 2008 

 May
 7, 2008 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $0.5150 

 Jul.
 31, 2008 

 Aug.
 7, 2008 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $0.5225 

 Oct.
 31, 2008 

 Nov.
 12, 2008 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $0.5300 

 Jan.
 30, 2009 

 Feb.
 9, 2009 

 2009 

 1st
 Quarter 

 $0.5375 

 Apr.
 30, 2009 

 May
 8, 2009 

 2nd
 Quarter 

 $0.5450 

 Jul.
 31, 2009 

 Aug.
 7, 2009 

 3rd
 Quarter 

 $0.5525 

 Oct.
 30, 2009 

 Nov.
 5, 2009 

 4th
 Quarter 

 $0.5600 

 Jan.
 29, 2010 

 Feb.
 4, 2010 

 Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Loss 
 
 AOCI
primarily includes the effective portion of the gain or loss on derivative
instruments designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge, foreign currency
adjustments and minimum pension liability adjustments. Amounts
accumulated in OCI from cash flow hedges are reclassified into earnings in the
same period(s) in which the hedged forecasted transactions (such as a forecasted
forward sale of NGLs) affect earnings. If it becomes probable that
the forecasted transaction will not occur, the net gain or loss in AOCI must be
immediately reclassified. 
 
 The
following table presents the components of AOCI at the dates
indicated: 

 At
 December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Commodity
 derivative instruments (1) 

 $ 
 0.5 

 $ 
 (114.1 
 ) 

 Interest
 rate derivative instruments (1) 

 (12.5 
 ) 

 (41.9 
 ) 

 Foreign
 currency derivative instruments (1) 

 0.4 

 10.6 

 Foreign
 currency translation adjustment (2) 

 0.8 

 (1.3 
 ) 

 Pension
 and postretirement benefit plans 

 (0.8 
 ) 

 (0.8 
 ) 

 Subtotal 

 (11.6 
 ) 

 (147.5 
 ) 

 Amount
 attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 3.2 

 50.3 

 Total
 AOCI in partners'; equity 

 $ 
 (8.4 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (97.2 
 ) 

 (1)
 See
 Note 6 for additional information regarding these components of
 AOCI. 
 (2)
 Relates
 to transactions of our Canadian NGL marketing subsidiary. 

 Noncontrolling
Interest 

 Prior to
the completion of the TEPPCO Merger, effective October 26, 2009, we accounted
for the former owners'; interest in TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP as noncontrolling
interest. Under this method of presentation, all pre-merger revenues
and expenses of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are included in net income, and the former
owners'; share of the income of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP is allocated to net income
attributable to noncontrolling interest. In addition, the former
owners'; share of the net assets of TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP are presented as
noncontrolling interest, a component of equity, on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

 F-63 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table presents the components of noncontrolling interest as presented
on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at the dates indicated: 

 At
 December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Former
 owners of TEPPCO (1) 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 2,827.6 

 Limited
 partners of Duncan Energy Partners: 

 Third-party
 owners of Duncan Energy Partners (2) 

 414.3 

 281.1 

 Related
 party owners of Duncan Energy Partners 

 1.7 

 -- 

 Joint
 venture partners (3) 

 117.4 

 148.0 

 AOCI
 attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 (3.2 
 ) 

 (50.3 
 ) 

 Total
 noncontrolling interest 

 $ 
 530.2 

 $ 
 3,206.4 

 (1)
 Represents
 former ownership interests in TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP (see Note 1, ";Basis of
 Financial Statement Presentation";). This amount excludes AOCI
 attributable to former owners of TEPPCO. 
 (2)
 Represents
 non-affiliate public unitholders of Duncan Energy Partners. The
 increase in noncontrolling interest between years is attributable to
 Duncan Energy Partners'; equity offering in June 2009. 
 (3)
 Represents
 third-party ownership interests in joint ventures that we consolidate,
 including Seminole, Tri-States Pipeline L.L.C., Independence Hub LLC and
 Wilprise Pipeline Company LLC. The balance at December 31, 2008
 included $35.6 million related to Oiltanking';s ownership interest in TOPS,
 from which our subsidiaries dissociated in April 2009 (see Note
 8). 

 The
following table presents the components of net income attributable to
noncontrolling interest as presented on our Statements of Consolidated
Operations for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Former
 owners of TEPPCO (1) 

 $ 
 66.5 

 $ 
 193.6 

 $ 
 273.8 

 Limited
 partners of Duncan Energy Partners (2) 

 31.3 

 17.3 

 13.9 

 Joint
 venture partners 

 26.4 

 24.0 

 16.7 

 Total 

 $ 
 124.2 

 $ 
 234.9 

 $ 
 304.4 

 (1) Represents
 the allocation of earnings to the former owners of TEPPCO. 
 (2) Represents
 the allocation of Duncan Energy Partners earnings to its third-party
 unitholders. 

 The
following table presents cash distributions paid to and cash contributions
received from noncontrolling interests as presented on our Statements of
Consolidated Cash Flows and Statements of Consolidated Equity for the periods
indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interests: 

 Limited
 partners of TEPPCO 

 $ 
 274.5 

 $ 
 328.0 

 $ 
 294.4 

 Limited
 partners of Duncan Energy Partners 

 33.7 

 24.8 

 15.8 

 Joint
 venture partners 

 31.8 

 31.1 

 16.6 

 Total
 cash distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

 $ 
 340.0 

 $ 
 383.9 

 $ 
 326.8 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interests: 

 Limited
 partners of TEPPCO 

 $ 
 3.5 

 $ 
 275.9 

 $ 
 1.7 

 Limited
 partners of Duncan Energy Partners 

 137.4 

 -- 

 290.5 

 Joint
 venture partners 

 (2.2 
 ) 

 35.6 

 12.5 

 Total
 cash contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 $ 
 138.7 

 $ 
 311.5 

 $ 
 304.7 

 Distributions
paid to the limited partners of Duncan Energy Partners and former owners of
TEPPCO primarily represent the quarterly cash distributions paid by these
entities to their unitholders. 
 
 Contributions
received from limited partners of TEPPCO and Duncan Energy Partners primarily
represent net cash proceeds each entity received from common unit
offerings. In September 2008, TEPPCO sold 9,200,000 of its common
units in an underwritten equity offering, which generated net cash proceeds of
$257.0 million. In February 2007, Duncan Energy Partners received
approximately $291.0 

 F-64 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million
of net cash proceeds in connection with its initial public
offering. In June and July 2009, Duncan Energy Partners issued an
aggregate 8,943,400 of its common units, which generated net cash proceeds of
approximately $137.4 million. Duncan Energy Partners used the net
cash proceeds from its issuance of these units to repurchase and cancel an equal
number of its common units beneficially owned by EPO. 

 Note 14. Business Segments 
 
 We have
five reportable business segments: NGL Pipelines & Services, Onshore Natural
Gas Pipelines & Services, Onshore Crude Oil Pipelines & Services,
Offshore Pipelines & Services and Petrochemical & Refined Products
Services. Our business segments are generally organized and managed
according to the type of services rendered (or technologies employed) and
products produced and/or sold. 
 
 We
evaluate segment performance based on the non-GAAP financial measure of gross
operating margin. Gross operating margin (either in total or by
individual segment) is an important performance measure of the core
profitability of our operations. This measure forms the basis of our
internal financial reporting and is used by our management in deciding how to
allocate capital resources among business segments. We believe that
investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that our
management uses in evaluating segment results. The GAAP financial
measure most directly comparable to total segment gross operating margin is
operating income. Our non-GAAP financial measure of total segment
gross operating margin should not be considered an alternative to GAAP operating
income. 
 
 We define
total segment gross operating margin as operating income before: (i)
depreciation, amortization and accretion expense; (ii) non-cash consolidated
asset impairment charges; (iii) operating lease expenses for which we do not
have the payment obligation; (iv) gains and losses from asset sales and related
transactions and (v) general and administrative costs. Gross
operating margin by segment is calculated by subtracting segment operating costs
and expenses (net of the adjustments noted above) from segment revenues, with
both segment totals before the elimination of intercompany
transactions. In accordance with GAAP, intercompany accounts and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Gross operating margin
is exclusive of other income and expense transactions, provision for income
taxes, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles and
extraordinary charges. Gross operating margin is presented on a 100%
basis before the allocation of earnings to noncontrolling
interests. 
 
 Segment
revenues include intersegment and intrasegment transactions, which are generally
based on transactions made at market-based rates. Our consolidated
revenues reflect the elimination of intercompany (both intersegment and
intrasegment) transactions. 
 
 We
include equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates in our measurement of
segment gross operating margin and operating income. Our equity
investments with industry partners are a vital component of our business
strategy. They are a means by which we conduct our operations to
align our interests with those of our customers and/or
suppliers. This method of operation enables us to achieve favorable
economies of scale relative to the level of investment and business risk assumed
versus what we could accomplish on a standalone basis. Many of these
businesses perform supporting or complementary roles to our other business
operations. 
 
 Our
integrated midstream energy asset system (including the midstream energy assets
of our equity method investees) provides services to producers and consumers of
natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and certain
petrochemicals. In general, hydrocarbons enter our asset system in a
number of ways, such as an offshore natural gas or crude oil pipeline, an
offshore platform, a natural gas processing plant, an onshore natural gas
gathering pipeline, an NGL fractionator, an NGL storage facility or an NGL
transportation or distribution pipeline. 
 
 Many of
our equity investees are included within our integrated midstream asset
system. For example, we have ownership interests in several offshore
natural gas, refined products and crude oil pipelines. Other examples
include our use of the Promix NGL fractionator to process mixed NGLs extracted
by our gas plants. The fractionated NGLs we receive from Promix can
then be sold in our NGL 

 F-65 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 marketing
activities. Additionally, our use of the Centennial pipeline, which
loops the refined products pipeline system between Beaumont, Texas and southern
Illinois, permits effective supply of product to points south of Illinois as
well as incremental product supply capacity to mid-continent markets downstream
of southern Illinois. Given the integral nature of our equity method
investees to our operations, we believe the presentation of earnings from such
investees as a component of gross operating margin and operating income is
meaningful and appropriate. 
 
 Substantially
all of our consolidated revenues are earned in the United States and derived
from a wide customer base. The majority of our plant-based operations
are located in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Colorado and
Wyoming. Our natural gas, NGL, refined products and crude oil
pipelines are located in a number of regions of the United States including (i)
the Gulf of Mexico offshore Texas, Louisiana, and onshore in Colorado; (ii) the
south and southeastern United States (primarily in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi
and Alabama); (iii) the Midwestern and northeastern United States and (iv)
certain regions of the central and western United States, including the Rocky
Mountains. Our marketing activities are headquartered in Houston,
Texas and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and serve customers in a number of regions of
the United States including the Gulf Coast, West Coast and Mid-Continent
areas. 
 
 Segment
assets consist of property, plant and equipment, investments in unconsolidated
affiliates, intangible assets and goodwill. The carrying values of
such amounts are assigned to each segment based on each asset';s or investment';s
principal operations and contribution to the gross operating margin of that
particular segment. Since construction-in-progress amounts (which are
a component of property, plant and equipment) generally do not contribute to
segment gross operating margin, such amounts are excluded from segment asset
totals until they are placed in service. Consolidated intangible
assets and goodwill are assigned to each segment based on the classification of
the assets to which they relate. 
 
 We consolidate the financial statements
of Duncan Energy Partners with those of our own. As a result, our
consolidated gross operating margin amounts include 100% of the gross operating
margin amounts of Duncan Energy Partners. 

 F-66 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table shows our measurement of total segment gross operating margin
for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 25,510.9 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Less: 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 (23,565.8 
 ) 

 (33,618.9 
 ) 

 (25,402.1 
 ) 

 Add: 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 51.2 

 34.9 

 10.5 

 Depreciation,
 amortization and accretion in operating costs and expenses
 (1) 

 809.3 

 725.4 

 647.9 

 Impairment
 charges in operating costs and expenses 

 33.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 0.7 

 2.0 

 2.1 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions in operating 
 costs
 and expenses (2) 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 (7.8 
 ) 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin 

 $ 
 2,839.8 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 (1)
 Amount
 is a component of ";Depreciation, amortization and accretion"; as presented
 on the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 (2) Amount
 is a component of ";Gain from asset sales and related transactions"; as
 presented on the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. 

 The
following table shows a reconciliation of our total segment gross operating
margin to operating income and income before provision for income taxes for the
periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin 

 $ 
 2,839.8 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile total segment gross operating margin 

 to
 operating income: 

 Depreciation,
 amortization and accretion in operating costs and expenses 

 (809.3 
 ) 

 (725.4 
 ) 

 (647.9 
 ) 

 Impairment
 charges in operating costs and expenses 

 (33.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 (0.7 
 ) 

 (2.0 
 ) 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions in operating 
 costs
 and expenses 

 -- 

 4.0 

 7.8 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 (172.3 
 ) 

 (137.2 
 ) 

 (127.2 
 ) 

 Operating
 income 

 1,824.0 

 1,748.4 

 1,195.0 

 Other
 expense, net 

 (643.6 
 ) 

 (528.5 
 ) 

 (341.3 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 $ 
 1,180.4 

 $ 
 1,219.9 

 $ 
 853.7 

 F-67 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Information
by segment, together with reconciliations to our consolidated totals, is
presented in the following table: 

 Reportable
 Segments 

 Onshore 

 Onshore 

 Petrochemical 

 NGL 

 Natural
 Gas 

 Crude
 Oil 

 Offshore 

 &
 Refined 

 Adjustments 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Pipelines 

 Products 

 and 

 Consolidated 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 &
 Services 

 Services 

 Eliminations 

 Totals 

 Revenues
 from third parties: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 $ 
 11,928.3 

 $ 
 2,938.7 

 $ 
 7,191.2 

 $ 
 332.9 

 $ 
 2,520.8 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 24,911.9 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 14,715.8 

 3,407.2 

 12,763.8 

 260.3 

 3,307.1 

 -- 

 34,454.2 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 12,149.2 

 2,044.0 

 9,103.7 

 222.6 

 2,609.1 

 -- 

 26,128.6 

 Revenues
 from related parties: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 380.7 

 211.2 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 7.0 

 0.3 

 -- 

 599.0 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 598.0 

 409.2 

 -- 

 8.1 

 0.1 

 -- 

 1,015.4 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 301.5 

 281.9 

 0.1 

 1.2 

 0.5 

 -- 

 585.2 

 Intersegment
 and intrasegment revenues: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 6,865.5 

 515.3 

 47.6 

 1.3 

 612.3 

 (8,042.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 8,091.7 

 881.6 

 75.1 

 1.4 

 663.3 

 (9,713.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 5,436.3 

 205.5 

 48.6 

 2.0 

 522.6 

 (6,215.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 Total
 revenues: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 19,174.5 

 3,665.2 

 7,238.6 

 341.2 

 3,133.4 

 (8,042.0 
 ) 

 25,510.9 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 23,405.5 

 4,698.0 

 12,838.9 

 269.8 

 3,970.5 

 (9,713.1 
 ) 

 35,469.6 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 17,887.0 

 2,531.4 

 9,152.4 

 225.8 

 3,132.2 

 (6,215.0 
 ) 

 26,713.8 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated
 affiliates: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 11.3 

 4.9 

 9.3 

 36.9 

 (11.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 51.2 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 1.4 

 1.6 

 11.7 

 33.7 

 (13.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 34.9 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 7.1 

 0.2 

 2.6 

 12.6 

 (12.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 10.5 

 Gross
 operating margin: 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2009 

 1,628.7 

 501.5 

 164.4 

 180.5 

 364.7 

 -- 

 2,839.8 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2008 

 1,325.0 

 589.9 

 132.2 

 187.0 

 374.9 

 -- 

 2,609.0 

 Year
 ended December 31, 2007 

 848.0 

 493.2 

 109.6 

 171.6 

 342.0 

 -- 

 1,964.4 

 Segment
 assets: 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 7,191.2 

 6,918.7 

 865.3 

 2,121.4 

 3,359.0 

 1,207.3 

 21,662.9 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 6,459.3 

 6,118.8 

 883.0 

 2,061.8 

 3,308.9 

 2,015.4 

 20,847.2 

 At
 December 31, 2007 

 5,488.5 

 5,502.3 

 858.8 

 2,152.3 

 2,631.9 

 1,588.3 

 18,222.1 

 Property,
 plant and equipment (see Note 8): 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 6,392.8 

 6,074.6 

 377.3 

 1,480.9 

 2,156.3 

 1,207.3 

 17,689.2 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 5,622.4 

 5,223.6 

 386.9 

 1,394.5 

 2,090.0 

 2,015.4 

 16,732.8 

 At
 December 31, 2007 

 4,770.4 

 4,577.4 

 363.7 

 1,452.6 

 1,556.7 

 1,588.3 

 14,309.1 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 
 
 (see Note 9): 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 141.6 

 32.0 

 178.5 

 456.9 

 81.6 

 -- 

 890.6 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 144.3 

 25.9 

 186.2 

 469.0 

 86.5 

 -- 

 911.9 

 At
 December 31, 2007 

 117.0 

 3.5 

 184.8 

 484.6 

 95.7 

 -- 

 885.6 

 Intangible
 assets, net (see Note 11): 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 315.6 

 527.2 

 6.5 

 101.5 

 114.0 

 -- 

 1,064.8 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 351.4 

 584.4 

 6.9 

 116.2 

 124.0 

 -- 

 1,182.9 

 At
 December 31, 2007 

 375.1 

 636.5 

 7.3 

 133.0 

 62.2 

 -- 

 1,214.1 

 Goodwill
 (see Note 11): 

 At
 December 31, 2009 

 341.2 

 284.9 

 303.0 

 82.1 

 1,007.1 

 -- 

 2,018.3 

 At
 December 31, 2008 

 341.2 

 284.9 

 303.0 

 82.1 

 1,008.4 

 -- 

 2,019.6 

 At
 December 31, 2007 

 226.0 

 284.9 

 303.0 

 82.1 

 917.3 

 -- 

 1,813.3 

 Our
consolidated revenues are derived from a wide customer base. During
2009, our largest non-affiliated customer based on revenues was Shell Oil
Company and its affiliates, which accounted for 9.8% of our
revenues. During 2008 and 2007, our largest non-affiliated customer
based on revenues was Valero Energy Corporation and its affiliates, which
accounted for 11.2% and 8.9%, respectively, of our revenues. 

 F-68 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table provides additional information regarding our consolidated
revenues (net of adjustments and eliminations) and expenses for the periods
indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 NGL
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of NGLs 

 $ 
 11,598.9 

 $ 
 14,573.5 

 $ 
 11,701.3 

 Sales
 of other petroleum and related products 

 1.8 

 2.4 

 3.0 

 Midstream
 services 

 708.3 

 737.9 

 746.4 

 Total 

 12,309.0 

 15,313.8 

 12,450.7 

 Onshore
 Natural Gas Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of natural gas 

 2,410.5 

 3,083.1 

 1,676.7 

 Midstream
 services 

 739.4 

 733.3 

 649.2 

 Total 

 3,149.9 

 3,816.4 

 2,325.9 

 Onshore
 Crude Oil Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of crude oil 

 7,110.6 

 12,696.2 

 9,048.5 

 Midstream
 services 

 80.4 

 67.6 

 55.3 

 Total 

 7,191.0 

 12,763.8 

 9,103.8 

 Offshore
 Pipelines & Services: 

 Sales
 of natural gas 

 1.2 

 2.8 

 3.2 

 Sales
 of crude oil 

 5.3 

 11.1 

 12.1 

 Midstream
 services 

 333.4 

 254.5 

 208.5 

 Total 

 339.9 

 268.4 

 223.8 

 Petrochemical
 & Refined Products Services: 

 Sales
 of other petroleum and related products 

 1,991.8 

 2,757.6 

 2,207.2 

 Midstream
 services 

 529.3 

 549.6 

 402.4 

 Total 

 2,521.1 

 3,307.2 

 2,609.6 

 Total
 consolidated revenues 

 $ 
 25,510.9 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Consolidated
 costs and expenses 

 Operating
 costs and expenses: 

 Cost
 of sales for our marketing activities 

 $ 
 18,656.7 

 $ 
 28,250.2 

 $ 
 21,142.5 

 Depreciation,
 amortization and accretion 

 809.3 

 725.4 

 647.9 

 Gain
 on sale of assets and related transactions 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 (7.8 
 ) 

 Non-cash
 impairment charges 

 33.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other
 operating costs and expenses 

 4,066.3 

 4,647.3 

 3,619.5 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 172.3 

 137.2 

 127.2 

 Total
 consolidated costs and expenses 

 $ 
 23,738.1 

 $ 
 33,756.1 

 $ 
 25,529.3 

 F-69 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following information is provided to reconcile total revenues and total gross
operating margin for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, as currently
presented, with those we previously presented. 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2008 

 2007 

 Total
 revenues, as previously reported 

 $ 
 21,905.6 

 $ 
 16,950.1 

 Revenues
 from TEPPCO 

 13,532.9 

 9,658.1 

 Revenues
 from Jonah (1) 

 232.8 

 204.1 

 Eliminations
 (2) 

 (201.7 
 ) 

 (98.5 
 ) 

 Total
 revenues, as currently reported 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin, as previously reported 

 $ 
 2,057.4 

 $ 
 1,492.1 

 Gross
 operating margin from TEPPCO 

 501.0 

 434.8 

 Gross
 operating margin from Jonah 

 157.6 

 125.4 

 Eliminations
 (3) 

 (107.0 
 ) 

 (87.9 
 ) 

 Total
 segment gross operating margin, as currently reported 

 $ 
 2,609.0 

 $ 
 1,964.4 

 (1)
 Prior
 to the TEPPCO Merger, we and TEPPCO were joint venture partners in
 Jonah. As a result of the TEPPCO Merger, Jonah became a consolidated
 subsidiary. 
 (2)
 Represents
 the eliminations of revenues between Enterprise Products Partners, TEPPCO
 and Jonah. 
 (3)
 Represents
 equity earnings from Jonah recorded by Enterprise Products Partners and
 TEPPCO prior to the merger. 

 Note 15. Related Party Transactions 
 
 The
following table summarizes our related party transactions for the periods
indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Revenues
 &#8211; related parties: 

 EPCO
 and affiliates 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 0.2 

 Energy
 Transfer Equity and subsidiaries 

 423.1 

 618.5 

 294.5 

 Unconsolidated
 affiliates 

 175.9 

 396.9 

 290.5 

 Total
 revenue &#8211; related parties 

 $ 
 599.0 

 $ 
 1,015.4 

 $ 
 585.2 

 Costs
 and expenses &#8211; related parties: 

 EPCO
 and affiliates 

 $ 
 590.3 

 $ 
 554.2 

 $ 
 470.3 

 Energy
 Transfer Equity and subsidiaries 

 443.8 

 192.2 

 35.2 

 Cenac
 and affiliates 

 40.9 

 48.3 

 -- 

 Unconsolidated
 affiliates 

 38.2 

 56.1 

 41.0 

 Total
 costs and expenses &#8211; related parties 

 $ 
 1,113.2 

 $ 
 850.8 

 $ 
 546.5 

 Other
 expense &#8211; related parties: 

 EPCO
 and affiliates 

 $ 
 4.1 

 $ 
 0.3 

 $ 
 0.2 

 The
following table summarizes our related party receivable and payable amounts at
the dates indicated: 

 December
 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Accounts
 receivable - related parties: 

 EPCO
 and affiliates 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 0.2 

 Energy
 Transfer Equity and subsidiaries 

 28.2 

 35.0 

 Other 

 10.2 

 0.1 

 Total
 accounts receivable &#8211; related parties 

 $ 
 38.4 

 $ 
 35.3 

 Accounts
 payable - related parties: 

 EPCO
 and affiliates 

 $ 
 26.8 

 $ 
 14.1 

 Energy
 Transfer Equity and subsidiaries 

 33.4 

 0.1 

 Other 

 9.6 

 3.2 

 Total
 accounts payable &#8211; related parties 

 $ 
 69.8 

 $ 
 17.4 

 F-70 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 We
believe that the terms and provisions of our related party agreements are fair
to us; however, such agreements and transactions may not be as favorable to us
as we could have obtained from unaffiliated third parties. 
 
 Relationship
with EPCO and Affiliates 
 
 We have
an extensive and ongoing relationship with EPCO and its affiliates, which
include the following significant entities that are not a part of our
consolidated group of companies: 

 &#167; 

 EPCO
 and its privately held affiliates; 

 &#167; 

 EPGP,
 our sole general partner; 

 &#167; 

 Enterprise
 GP Holdings, which owns and controls our general partner;
 and 

 &#167; 

 the
 Employee Partnerships (see Note 5). 

 EPCO is a
privately held company controlled by Dan L. Duncan, who is also a Director and
Chairman of EPGP, our general partner. At December 31, 2009, EPCO and
its affiliates beneficially owned interests in the following
entities: 

 Percentage
 of 

 Number
 of Units 

 Outstanding
 Units 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners (1) (2) 

 191,363,613 

 31.3% 

 Enterprise
 GP Holdings (3) 

 108,503,133 

 78.0% 

 (1)
 Includes
 4,520,431 Class B units and 21,167,783 common units owned by Enterprise GP
 Holdings. 
 (2)
 Enterprise
 GP Holdings owns 100% of our general partner, EPGP. 
 (3)
 An
 affiliate of EPCO also owns 100% of the general partner of Enterprise GP
 Holdings, EPE Holdings. 

 The
principal business activity of EPGP is to act as our managing
partner. The executive officers and certain of the directors of EPGP
and EPE Holdings are employees of EPCO. The following table presents
cash distributions received by EPGP for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 General
 partner distributions 

 $ 
 21.8 

 $ 
 18.2 

 $ 
 17.0 

 Incentive
 distributions 

 161.3 

 125.9 

 107.4 

 Total
 distributions 

 $ 
 183.1 

 $ 
 144.1 

 $ 
 124.4 

 We and
EPGP are both separate legal entities apart from each other and apart from EPCO,
Enterprise GP Holdings and their respective other affiliates, with assets and
liabilities that are separate from those of EPCO, Enterprise GP Holdings and
their respective other affiliates. EPCO and its privately held
subsidiaries depend on the cash distributions they receive from us, Enterprise
GP Holdings and other investments to fund their other operations and to meet
their debt obligations. The following table presents cash
distributions received by EPCO and its privately held affiliates from us and
Enterprise GP Holdings for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Enterprise
 Products Partners 

 $ 
 314.5 

 $ 
 281.1 

 $ 
 263.4 

 Enterprise
 GP Holdings 

 205.2 

 158.7 

 125.5 

 Total
 distributions 

 $ 
 519.7 

 $ 
 439.8 

 $ 
 388.9 

 Substantially all of the ownership
interests in us that are owned or controlled by Enterprise GP Holdings are
pledged as security under its credit facility. In addition,
substantially all of the ownership interests in us that are owned or controlled
by EPCO and its affiliates, other than those interests owned by Enterprise GP
Holdings, Dan Duncan LLC and certain trusts affiliated with Dan L. Duncan, are
pledged as security under the credit facility of a privately held affiliate of
EPCO. This credit facility contains 

 F-71 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 customary
and other events of default relating to EPCO and certain affiliates, including
Enterprise GP Holdings and us. 
 
 We have entered into an agreement with
an affiliate of EPCO to provide trucking services to us for the transportation
of NGLs and other products. We also lease office space in various
buildings from affiliates of EPCO. The rental rates in these lease
agreements approximate market rates. 
 
 EPCO
ASA 
 
 We have
no employees. All of our operating functions and general and
administrative support services are provided by employees of EPCO pursuant to
the ASA or by other service providers. We, Duncan Energy Partners,
Enterprise GP Holdings and our respective general partners are parties to the
ASA. The significant terms of the ASA are as follows: 

 &#167; 

 EPCO
 will provide selling, general and administrative services, and management
 and operating services, as may be necessary to manage and operate our
 businesses, properties and assets (all in accordance with prudent industry
 practices). EPCO will employ or otherwise retain the services
 of such personnel as may be necessary to provide such
 services. 

 &#167; 

 We
 are required to reimburse EPCO for its services in an amount equal to the
 sum of all costs and expenses incurred by EPCO which are directly or
 indirectly related to our business or activities (including expenses
 reasonably allocated to us by EPCO). In addition, we have
 agreed to pay all sales, use, excise, value added or similar taxes, if
 any, that may be applicable from time to time in respect of the services
 provided to us by EPCO. 

 &#167; 

 EPCO
 will allow us to participate as a named insured in its overall insurance
 program, with the associated premiums and other costs being allocated to
 us. 

 Under the ASA, EPCO subleases to us
(for $1 per year) certain equipment which it holds pursuant to operating leases
and has assigned to us its purchase option under such leases (the ";retained
leases";). EPCO remains liable for the actual cash lease payments
associated with these agreements. We record the full value of these
payments made by EPCO on our behalf as a non-cash related party operating lease
expense, with the offset to equity accounted for as a general contribution to
our partnership. 
 
 Our operating costs and expenses
include amounts paid to EPCO for the costs it incurs to operate our facilities,
including compensation of employees. We reimburse EPCO for actual
direct and indirect expenses it incurs related to the operation of our
assets. Likewise, our general and administrative costs include
amounts paid to EPCO for administrative services, including compensation of
employees. In general, our reimbursement to EPCO for administrative
services is either (i) on an actual basis for direct expenses it may incur on
our behalf (e.g., the purchase of office supplies) or (ii) based on an
allocation of such charges between the various parties to the ASA based on the
estimated use of such services by each party (e.g., the allocation of general
legal or accounting salaries based on estimates of time spent on each entity';s
business and affairs). The following table presents a breakout of
costs and expenses related to the ASA and other EPCO transactions for the
periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 $ 
 495.3 

 $ 
 463.2 

 $ 
 387.7 

 General
 and administrative expenses 

 95.0 

 91.0 

 82.6 

 Total
 costs and expenses 

 $ 
 590.3 

 $ 
 554.2 

 $ 
 470.3 

 Since the
vast majority of such expenses are charged to us on an actual basis (i.e. no
mark-up or subsidy is charged or received by EPCO), we believe that such
expenses are representative of what the amounts would have been on a standalone
basis. With respect to allocated costs, we believe that the
proportional direct allocation method employed by EPCO is reasonable and
reflective of the estimated level of costs we would have incurred on a
standalone basis. 

 F-72 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The ASA
also addresses potential conflicts that may arise among Enterprise Products
Partners (including EPGP), Enterprise GP Holdings (including EPE Holdings),
Duncan Energy Partners (including DEP GP), and the EPCO Group with respect to
business opportunities (as defined within the ASA) with third
parties. The EPCO Group includes EPCO and its other affiliates, but
excludes Enterprise Products Partners, Enterprise GP Holdings, Duncan Energy
Partners and their respective general partners. 

 The ASA
was amended on January 30, 2009 to provide for the cash reimbursement by us and
Enterprise GP Holdings to EPCO of distributions of cash or securities, if
any, made by EPCO Unit to its Class B limited partners. The ASA
amendment also extended the term under which EPCO provides services to the
partnership entities from December 2010 to December 2013 and made other updating
and conforming changes. 

 Relationship
with Energy Transfer Equity 
 
 Enterprise
GP Holdings acquired equity method investments in Energy Transfer Equity and its
general partner in May 2007. As a result, Energy Transfer Equity and
its consolidated subsidiaries became related parties to our consolidated
businesses. 
 
 We have a
long-term revenue generating contract with Titan Energy Partners, L.P.
(";Titan";), a consolidated subsidiary of ETP. Titan purchases
substantially all of its propane requirements from us. The contract
continues until March 31, 2010 and contains renewal and extension
options. We and Energy Transfer Company (";ETC OLP";) transport natural
gas on each other';s systems and share operating expenses on certain
pipelines. ETC OLP also sells natural gas to us. 
 
 Relationships
with Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 
 Many of
our unconsolidated affiliates perform supporting or complementary roles to our
other business operations. Since we and our affiliates hold ownership
interests in these entities and directly or indirectly benefit from our related
party transactions with such entities, they are presented here. The
following information summarizes significant related party transactions with our
current unconsolidated affiliates: 

 &#167; 

 We
 sell natural gas to Evangeline, which, in turn, uses the natural gas to
 satisfy supply commitments it has with a major Louisiana
 utility. Revenues from Evangeline were $155.5 million, $362.9
 million and $268.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
 2007, respectively. 

 &#167; 

 We
 pay Promix for the transportation, storage and fractionation of
 NGLs. In addition, we sell natural gas to Promix for its plant
 fuel requirements. Revenues from Promix were $11.0 million,
 $24.5 million and $17.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2009,
 2008 and 2007, respectively. Expenses with Promix were $26.0
 million, $38.7 million and $30.4 million for the years ended December 31,
 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

 &#167; 

 For
 the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we paid $1.7 million and $3.8
 million, respectively, to Centennial in connection with a pipeline
 capacity lease. In addition, we paid $6.7 million, $6.6 million
 and $5.3 million to Centennial for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008
 and 2007 for other pipeline transportation services,
 respectively. 

 &#167; 

 For
 the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, we paid Seaway $3.4
 million, $6.0 million and $4.7 million, respectively, for transportation
 and tank rentals in connection with our crude oil marketing
 activities. 

 &#167; 

 We
 perform management services for certain of our unconsolidated
 affiliates. We charged such affiliates $10.7 million, $11.2
 million and $11.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
 2007, respectively. 

 F-73 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Relationship
with Duncan Energy Partners 
 
 Duncan
Energy Partners was formed in September 2006 and did not acquire any assets
prior to February 5, 2007, which was the date it completed its initial public
offering and acquired controlling interests in five midstream energy businesses
from EPO in a drop down transaction. On December 8, 2008, through a
second drop down transaction, Duncan Energy Partners acquired controlling
interests in three additional midstream energy businesses from
EPO. The business purpose of Duncan Energy Partners is to acquire,
own and operate a diversified portfolio of midstream energy assets and to
support the growth objectives of EPO and other affiliates under common
control. Duncan Energy Partners is engaged in (i) the gathering,
transportation and storage of natural gas; (ii) NGL transportation and
fractionation; (iii) the storage of NGL and petrochemical products; (iv) the
transportation of petrochemical products and (v) the marketing of NGLs and
natural gas. 
 
 At
December 31, 2009, Duncan Energy Partners is owned 99.3% by its limited partners
and 0.7% by its general partner, DEP GP, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
EPO. DEP GP is responsible for managing the business and operations
of Duncan Energy Partners. DEP Operating Partnership L.P., a wholly
owned subsidiary of Duncan Energy Partners, conducts substantially all of Duncan
Energy Partners'; business. At December 31, 2009, EPO owned 58.6% of
Duncan Energy Partners'; limited partner interests and 100% of its general
partner. Due to our control of Duncan Energy Partners, its financial
statements are consolidated with those of our own and our transactions with
Duncan Energy Partners are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Relationship
with Cenac 
 
 In
connection with our marine services acquisition in February 2008, Cenac and
affiliates became a related party of ours. We entered into a
transitional operating agreement with Cenac in which our fleet of tow boats and
tank barges (which were primarily acquired from Cenac) continued to be operated
by employees of Cenac for a period of up to two years following the
acquisition. Under this agreement, we paid Cenac a monthly operating
fee and reimbursed Cenac for personnel salaries and related employee benefit
expenses, certain repairs and maintenance expenses and insurance premiums on the
equipment. Effective August 1, 2009, the transitional operating
agreement was terminated. Personnel providing services pursuant to
the agreement became employees of EPCO and will continue to provide services
under the ASA. Concurrently with the termination of the transitional
operating agreement, we entered into a two-year consulting agreement with Mr.
Cenac and Cenac Marine Services, L.L.C. under which Mr. Cenac has agreed to
supervise the day-to-day operations of our marine services business and, at our
request, provide related management and transitional services. 

 F-74 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 16. Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Our
provision for income taxes relates primarily to federal and state income taxes
of Seminole and Dixie, our two largest corporations subject to such income
taxes. In addition, with the amendment of the Texas Margin Tax,
we have become a taxable entity in the state of Texas. Our federal
and state income tax provision is summarized below: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Current: 

 Federal 

 $ 
 7.9 

 $ 
 4.9 

 $ 
 4.7 

 State 

 11.9 

 23.9 

 5.1 

 Foreign 

 1.0 

 0.4 

 0.1 

 Total
 current 

 20.8 

 29.2 

 9.9 

 Deferred: 

 Federal 

 4.8 

 0.8 

 2.7 

 State 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 1.0 

 3.1 

 Total
 deferred 

 4.5 

 1.8 

 5.8 

 Total
 provision for income taxes 

 $ 
 25.3 

 $ 
 31.0 

 $ 
 15.7 

 A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with amounts determined by
applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to income before income
taxes is as follows: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Pre
 Tax Net Book Income (";NBI";) 

 $ 
 1,180.4 

 $ 
 1,219.9 

 $ 
 853.7 

 Texas
 Margin Tax 

 $ 
 10.1 

 $ 
 23.9 

 $ 
 7.7 

 State
 income taxes (net of federal benefit) 

 1.3 

 0.5 

 0.3 

 Federal
 income taxes computed by applying the federal 

 statutory
 rate to NBI of corporate entities 

 8.3 

 6.3 

 5.3 

 Valuation
 allowance 

 (1.7 
 ) 

 (1.4 
 ) 

 2.3 

 Expiration
 of tax net operating loss 

 1.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other
 permanent differences 

 5.6 

 1.7 

 0.1 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 $ 
 25.3 

 $ 
 31.0 

 $ 
 15.7 

 Effective
 income tax rate 

 2.1 
 % 

 2.5 
 % 

 1.8 
 % 

 F-75 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Significant
components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as of December
31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows: 

 At
 December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 Deferred
 tax assets: 

 Net
 operating loss carryovers (1) 

 $ 
 24.6 

 $ 
 26.3 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 

 -- 

 0.8 

 Employee
 benefit plans 

 2.8 

 2.6 

 Deferred
 revenue 

 1.1 

 1.0 

 Reserve
 for legal fees and damages 

 -- 

 0.3 

 Equity
 investment in partnerships 

 1.0 

 0.6 

 AROs 

 0.1 

 0.1 

 Accruals 

 1.3 

 0.9 

 Total
 deferred tax assets 

 30.9 

 32.6 

 Valuation
 allowance (2) 

 2.2 

 3.9 

 Net
 deferred tax assets 

 28.7 

 28.7 

 Deferred
 tax liabilities: 

 Property,
 plant and equipment 

 97.4 

 92.9 

 Other 

 -- 

 0.1 

 Total
 deferred tax liabilities 

 97.4 

 93.0 

 Total
 net deferred tax liabilities 

 $ 
 (68.7 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (64.3 
 ) 

 Current
 portion of total net deferred tax assets 

 $ 
 1.9 

 $ 
 1.4 

 Long-term
 portion of total net deferred tax liabilities 

 $ 
 (70.6 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (65.7 
 ) 

 (1)
 These
 losses expire in various years between 2010 and 2028 and are subject to
 limitations on their utilization. 
 (2)
 We
 record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the
 amount of future benefit that is more likely than not to be
 realized. 

 On May
18, 2006, the State of Texas enacted House Bill 3 which revised the pre-existing
state franchise tax. In general, legal entities that conduct business
in Texas are subject to the Revised Texas Franchise Tax (i.e., the Texas Margin
Tax), including previously non-taxable entities such as limited liability
companies, limited partnerships and limited liability
partnerships. The tax is assessed on Texas sourced taxable margin
which is defined as the lesser of (i) 70% of total revenue or (ii) total revenue
less (a) cost of goods sold or (b) compensation and benefits. 
 
 Although
the bill states that the Texas Margin Tax is not an income tax, it has the
characteristics of an income tax since it is determined by applying a tax rate
to a base that considers both revenues and expenses. Due to the
enactment of the Texas Margin Tax, we recorded a net deferred tax asset of
$0.3 million and a liability of $1.0 million during the years ended December 31,
2009 and 2008, respectively. The offsetting net benefit of $0.3
million and net charge of $1.0 million is shown on our Statements of
Consolidated Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively, as a component of ";Provision for income taxes."; 

 Note 17. Earnings Per Unit 
 
 Basic
earnings per unit is computed by dividing net income or loss available to
limited partner interests by the weighted-average number of distribution-bearing
units outstanding during a period. Diluted earnings per unit is
computed by dividing net income or loss available to limited partner interests
by the sum of (i) the weighted-average number of distribution-bearing units
outstanding during a period (as used in determining basic earnings per unit);
(ii) the weighted-average number of phantom units outstanding during a period;
(iii) the weighted-average number of Class B units outstanding during a period
and (iv) the number of incremental common units resulting from the assumed
exercise of dilutive unit options outstanding during a period (the ";incremental
option units";). 

 F-76 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 In a
period of net losses, restricted units, Class B units, phantom units and
incremental option units are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings
per unit due to their antidilutive effect. The dilutive incremental
option units are calculated using the treasury stock method, which assumes that
proceeds from the exercise of all in-the-money options at the end of each period
are used to repurchase common units at an average market value during the
period. The amount of common units remaining after the proceeds are
exhausted represents the potentially dilutive effect of the
securities. 
 
 The amount of net income or loss
available to limited partner interests is net of our general partner';s share of
such earnings. The following table presents the net income available
to EPGP for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 533.6 

 Less
 incentive earnings allocations to EPGP 

 (161.3 
 ) 

 (125.9 
 ) 

 (107.4 
 ) 

 Net
 income available after incentive earnings allocation 

 869.6 

 828.1 

 426.2 

 Multiplied
 by EPGP ownership interest 

 2.0 
 % 

 2.0 
 % 

 2.0 
 % 

 Standard
 earnings allocation to EPGP 

 $ 
 17.4 

 $ 
 16.6 

 $ 
 8.5 

 Incentive
 earnings allocation to EPGP 

 $ 
 161.3 

 $ 
 125.9 

 $ 
 107.4 

 Standard
 earnings allocation to EPGP 

 17.4 

 16.6 

 8.5 

 Net
 income available to EPGP 

 178.7 

 142.5 

 115.9 

 Adjustment
 for master limited partnerships (1) 

 7.7 

 5.2 

 4.5 

 Net
 income available to EPGP for EPU purposes 

 $ 
 186.4 

 $ 
 147.7 

 $ 
 120.4 

 (1) FASB
 guidance specific to master limited partnerships has been applied for
 purposes of computing basic and diluted earnings per unit. 

 F-77 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The
following table presents our calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit
for the periods indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 BASIC
 EARNINGS PER UNIT 

 Numerator 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P. 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 533.6 

 Net
 income available to EPGP for EPU purposes 

 (186.4 
 ) 

 (147.7 
 ) 

 (120.4 
 ) 

 Net
 income available to limited partners 

 $ 
 844.5 

 $ 
 806.3 

 $ 
 413.2 

 Denominator 

 Common
 units 

 484.3 

 435.4 

 432.5 

 Time-vested
 restricted units 

 2.5 

 2.0 

 1.5 

 Total 

 486.8 

 437.4 

 434.0 

 Basic
 earnings per unit 

 Net
 income per unit before EPGP earnings allocation 

 $ 
 2.11 

 $ 
 2.18 

 $ 
 1.23 

 Net
 income available to EPGP 

 (0.38 
 ) 

 (0.34 
 ) 

 (0.28 
 ) 

 Net
 income available to limited partners 

 $ 
 1.73 

 $ 
 1.84 

 $ 
 0.95 

 DILUTED
 EARNINGS PER UNIT 

 Numerator 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners
 L.P. 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 533.6 

 Net
 income available to EPGP for EPU purposes 

 (186.4 
 ) 

 (147.7 
 ) 

 (120.4 
 ) 

 Net
 income available to limited partners 

 $ 
 844.5 

 $ 
 806.3 

 $ 
 413.2 

 Denominator 

 Common
 units 

 484.3 

 435.4 

 432.5 

 Time-vested
 restricted units 

 2.5 

 2.0 

 1.5 

 Class
 B units 

 0.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 Incremental
 option units 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 0.4 

 Total 

 487.8 

 437.6 

 434.4 

 Diluted
 earnings per unit 

 Net
 income per unit before EPGP earnings allocation 

 $ 
 2.11 

 $ 
 2.18 

 $ 
 1.23 

 Net
 income available to EPGP 

 (0.38 
 ) 

 (0.34 
 ) 

 (0.28 
 ) 

 Net
 income available to limited partners 

 $ 
 1.73 

 $ 
 1.84 

 $ 
 0.95 

 Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Litigation 
 
 On
occasion, we or our unconsolidated affiliates are named as defendants in
litigation and legal proceedings relating to our normal business activities,
including regulatory and environmental matters. Although we are
insured against various risks to the extent we believe it is prudent, there is
no assurance that the nature and amount of such insurance will be adequate, in
every case, to indemnify us against liabilities arising from future legal
proceedings. We are not aware of any litigation, pending or
threatened, that we believe is reasonably likely to have a significant adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash
flows. 
 
 We
evaluate our ongoing litigation based upon a combination of litigation and
settlement alternatives. These reviews are updated as the facts and
combinations of the cases develop or change. Assessing and predicting
the outcome of these matters involves substantial uncertainties. In
the event that the assumptions we used to evaluate these matters change in
future periods or new information becomes available, we may be required to
record a liability for an adverse outcome. In an effort to mitigate
potential adverse consequences of litigation, we could also seek to settle legal
proceedings brought against us. We have not recorded any significant
reserves for any litigation in our financial statements. 
 
 On
September 18, 2006, Peter Brinckerhoff, a purported unitholder of TEPPCO, filed
a complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the ";Delaware
Court";), in his individual capacity, as a 

 F-78 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 putative
class action on behalf of other unitholders of TEPPCO and derivatively on behalf
of TEPPCO, concerning, among other things, certain transactions involving TEPPCO
and us or our affiliates. Mr. Brinckerhoff filed an amended complaint
on July 12, 2007. The amended complaint names as defendants (i)
TEPPCO, certain of its current and former directors, and certain of its
affiliates, (ii) us and certain of our affiliates, (iii) EPCO and (iv) Dan L.
Duncan. 
 
 The amended complaint alleges, among
other things, that the defendants caused TEPPCO to enter into specified
transactions that were unfair to TEPPCO or otherwise unfairly favored us or our
affiliates over TEPPCO. These transactions are alleged to include:
(i) the joint venture to further expand the Jonah system entered into by TEPPCO
and us in August 2006 (the plaintiff alleges that TEPPCO did not receive fair
value for allowing us to participate in the joint venture); (ii) the sale by
TEPPCO of its Pioneer natural gas processing plant and certain gas processing
rights to us in March 2006 (the plaintiff alleges that the purchase price we
paid did not provide fair value to TEPPCO) and (iii) certain amendments to
TEPPCO';s partnership agreement, including a reduction in the maximum tier of
TEPPCO';s incentive distribution rights in exchange for TEPPCO
units. The amended complaint seeks (i) rescission of the amendments
to TEPPCO';s partnership agreement, (ii) damages for profits and special benefits
allegedly obtained by defendants as a result of the alleged wrongdoings in the
amended complaint and (iii) an award to plaintiff of the costs of the action,
including fees and expenses of his attorneys and experts. By its
Opinion and Order dated November 25, 2008, the Delaware Court dismissed Mr.
Brinckerhoff';s individual and putative class action claims with respect to the
amendments to TEPPCO';s partnership agreement. We refer to this action
and the remaining claims in this action as the ";Derivative Action."; 
 
 On April 29, 2009, Peter Brinckerhoff
and Renee Horowitz, as Attorney in Fact for Rae Kenrow, purported unitholders of
TEPPCO, filed separate complaints in the Delaware Court as putative class
actions on behalf of other unitholders of TEPPCO, concerning the TEPPCO
Merger. On May 11, 2009, these actions were consolidated under the
caption Texas Eastern Products Pipeline Company, LLC Merger Litigation, C.A. No.
4548-VCL (";Merger Action";). The complaints name as defendants us,
EPGP, TEPPCO GP, the directors of TEPPCO GP, EPCO and Dan L.
Duncan. 
 
 The Merger Action complaints allege,
among other things, that the terms of the merger (as proposed as of the time the
Merger Action complaints were filed) are grossly unfair to TEPPCO';s unitholders
and that the TEPPCO Merger is an attempt to extinguish the Derivative Action
without consideration. The complaints further allege that the process
through which the Special Committee of the ACG Committee of TEPPCO GP was
appointed to consider the TEPPCO Merger is contrary to the spirit and intent of
TEPPCO';s partnership agreement and constitutes a breach of the implied covenant
of fair dealing. 
 
 The complaints seek relief (i)
enjoining the defendants and all persons acting in concert with them from
pursuing the TEPPCO Merger, (ii) rescinding the TEPPCO Merger to the extent it
is consummated, or awarding rescissory damages in respect thereof, (iii)
directing the defendants to account for all damages suffered or to be suffered
by the plaintiffs and the purported class as a result of the defendants'; alleged
wrongful conduct, and (iv) awarding plaintiffs'; costs of the actions, including
fees and expenses of their attorneys and experts. 
 
 On August 5, 2009, the parties entered
into a Stipulation and Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release (the
";Settlement Agreement";). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the
board of directors of TEPPCO GP recommended to TEPPCO';s unitholders that they
approve the adoption of the merger agreement and took all necessary steps to
seek unitholder approval for the merger. 
 
 The
Delaware Court approved the Settlement Agreement on January 15, 2010, dismissing
with prejudice the Merger Action and the Derivative Action. 
 
 Additionally, on June 29 and 30, 2009,
respectively, M. Lee Arnold and Sharon Olesky, purported unitholders of TEPPCO,
filed separate complaints in the District Courts of Harris County, Texas, as
putative class actions on behalf of other unitholders of TEPPCO, concerning the
TEPPCO Merger (the ";Texas Actions";). The complaints name as
defendants us, TEPPCO, TEPPCO GP, EPGP, EPCO, Dan L. 

 F-79 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Duncan,
Jerry Thompson, and the board of directors of TEPPCO GP. The
allegations in the complaints are similar to the complaints filed in Delaware on
April 29, 2009 and seek similar relief. The named plaintiffs in the
two Texas Actions (the ";Texas Plaintiffs/Objectors";) also appeared in the
Delaware proceedings as objectors to the settlement of those cases which were
then awaiting court approval. On October 7, 2009, the Texas
Plaintiffs/Objectors and the parties to the Settlement Agreement entered into a
Stipulation to Withdraw Objection (the ";Stipulation";). In accordance
with the Stipulation, and upon the receipt of Final Court Approval (as defined
in the Settlement Agreement), the Texas Plaintiffs/Objectors agreed to dismiss
the Texas Actions with prejudice. As of March 1, 2010, the Texas
Actions have been dismissed with prejudice pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement. 
 
 In
February 2007, EPO received a letter from the Environment and Natural Resources
Division of the U.S. Department of Justice related to an ammonia release in
Kingman County, Kansas on October 27, 2004 from a pressurized anhydrous ammonia
pipeline owned by a third-party, Magellan Ammonia Pipeline, L.P. (";Magellan";),
and a previous release of ammonia on September 27, 2004 from the same
pipeline. EPO was the operator of this pipeline until July 1,
2008. This matter was settled in September 2009, and Magellan has
agreed to pay all assessed penalties. 
 
 The Attorney General of Colorado on
behalf of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment (";CDPHE";)
filed suit against us and others on April 15, 2008 in connection with the
construction of a pipeline near Parachute, Colorado. The State sought a
temporary restraining order and an injunction to halt construction activities
since it alleged that the defendants failed to install measures to minimize
damage to the environment and to follow requirements for the pipeline';s storm
water permit and appropriate storm water plan. We have entered into a
settlement agreement with the State that dismisses the suit and assesses a fine
of approximately $0.2 million. 
 
 The
CDPHE, through its Air Pollution Control Division, has proposed a Compliance
Order on Consent with Enterprise Gas Processing, L.L.C for alleged violations of
the Colorado Air Pollution and Prevention and Control Act (";Colorado Act";) with
respect to operations of the Meeker Gas Processing Plant. The
Compliance Order proposes an administrative fine of approximately $0.3 million
and would require the Meeker Gas Processing Plant to be operated in compliance
with the Colorado Act. We have entered into discussions regarding the
terms of the Compliance Order. 
 
 In
January 2009, the State of New Mexico filed suit in District Court in Santa Fe
County, New Mexico, under the New Mexico Air Quality Control Act. The
lawsuit arose out of a February 27, 2008 Notice Of Violation issued to Marathon
Oil Corp. (";Marathon";) as operator of the Indian Basin natural gas processing
facility located in Eddy County, New Mexico. We own a 42.4% undivided
interest in the assets comprising the Indian Basin facility. The
State alleges violations of its air laws. Marathon agreed to a
Consent Decree with the State which was approved by the District Court on
December 21, 2009. Under the Decree, Marathon paid the State approximately
$0.6 million, agreed to $4.5 million of additional environmental projects in New
Mexico and agreed to two projects for ";corrective measures"; at the
facility. We are in discussions with Marathon regarding the
responsibility for these payments. We believe that any potential
payment we make will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In
connection with our dissociation from TOPS (see Note 8), Oiltanking filed an
original petition against Enterprise Offshore Port System, LLC, EPO, TEPPCO O/S
Port System, LLC, TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP in the District Court of Harris County,
Texas, 61st Judicial District (Cause No. 2009-31367), asserting, among other
things, that the dissociation was wrongful and in breach of the TOPS partnership
agreement, citing provisions of the agreement that, if applicable, would
continue to obligate us and TEPPCO to make capital contributions to fund the
project and impose liabilities on us and TEPPCO. On September 17,
2009, we and TEPPCO entered into a settlement agreement with certain affiliates
of Oiltanking and TOPS that resolved all disputes between the parties related to
the business and affairs of the TOPS project (including the litigation described
above). We recognized approximately $66.9 million of expense during
2009 in connection with this settlement. This charge is classified
within our Offshore Pipelines & Services business segment. 

 F-80 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Regulatory
Matters 
 
 Certain recent
scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly
referred to as ";greenhouse gases"; and including carbon dioxide and methane, may
be contributing to climate change. On June 26, 2009, the U.S. House
of Representatives passed the ";American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009,";
or ";ACESA,"; which would establish an economy-wide cap-and-trade program intended
to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases in the United States and would
require most sources of greenhouse gas emissions to obtain greenhouse gas
emission ";allowances"; corresponding to their annual emissions of greenhouse
gases. The U.S. Senate has also begun work on its own legislation for
controlling and reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in the United
States. In addition, on December 7, 2009, the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (";EPA";) announced its finding that emissions of greenhouse
gases presented an endangerment to human health and the
environment. These findings by the EPA allow the agency to proceed
with the adoption and implementation of regulations that would restrict
emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the federal Clean Air
Act. Although it may take the EPA several years to adopt and impose
regulations limiting emissions of greenhouse gases, any such regulation could
require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases associated
with our operations. Any laws or regulations that may be adopted to
restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases would likely require us to
incur increased operating costs, and may have an adverse effect on our business,
financial position, demand for our operations, results of operations and cash
flows. 
 
 Contractual
Obligations 
 
 The
following table summarizes our various contractual obligations at December 31,
2009. A description of each type of contractual obligation
follows: 

 Payment
 or Settlement due by Period 

 Contractual
 Obligations 

 Total 

 2010 

 2011 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 Thereafter 

 Scheduled
 maturities of long-term debt 

 $ 
 11,297.0 

 $ 
 554.0 

 $ 
 907.3 

 $ 
 1,195.5 

 $ 
 1,200.0 

 $ 
 1,150.0 

 $ 
 6,290.2 

 Estimated
 cash interest payments 

 $ 
 12,372.2 

 $ 
 667.4 

 $ 
 618.3 

 $ 
 571.9 

 $ 
 502.9 

 $ 
 436.5 

 $ 
 9,575.2 

 Operating
 lease obligations 

 $ 
 343.9 

 $ 
 37.6 

 $ 
 35.3 

 $ 
 32.7 

 $ 
 27.3 

 $ 
 21.5 

 $ 
 189.5 

 Purchase
 obligations: 

 Product
 purchase commitments: 

 Estimated
 payment obligations: 

 Natural
 gas 

 $ 
 5,697.6 

 $ 
 1,308.9 

 $ 
 685.5 

 $ 
 696.3 

 $ 
 487.5 

 $ 
 471.8 

 $ 
 2,047.6 

 NGLs 

 $ 
 2,943.0 

 $ 
 997.0 

 $ 
 339.3 

 $ 
 329.8 

 $ 
 329.7 

 $ 
 329.7 

 $ 
 617.5 

 Crude
 oil 

 $ 
 237.3 

 $ 
 237.3 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 Petrochemicals
 & refined products 

 $ 
 2,642.2 

 $ 
 1,486.6 

 $ 
 586.0 

 $ 
 238.5 

 $ 
 113.9 

 $ 
 72.4 

 $ 
 144.8 

 Other 

 $ 
 114.1 

 $ 
 21.2 

 $ 
 12.2 

 $ 
 11.9 

 $ 
 11.8 

 $ 
 11.0 

 $ 
 46.0 

 Underlying
 major volume commitments: 

 Natural
 gas (in BBtus) (1) 

 969,180 

 221,530 

 114,304 

 116,146 

 83,854 

 81,154 

 352,192 

 NGLs
 (in MBbls) (2) 

 49,300 

 19,048 

 5,337 

 5,159 

 5,158 

 5,158 

 9,440 

 Crude
 oil (in MBbls) (2) 

 2,985 

 2,985 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Petrochemicals
 & refined products (in MBbls) 

 35,034 

 19,523 

 7,856 

 3,266 

 1,509 

 960 

 1,920 

 Service
 payment commitments 

 $ 
 575.6 

 $ 
 72.0 

 $ 
 57.0 

 $ 
 56.7 

 $ 
 55.1 

 $ 
 55.0 

 $ 
 279.8 

 Capital
 expenditure commitments 

 $ 
 497.5 

 $ 
 497.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 (1)
 Volume
 is measured in billion British thermal units (";BBtus";). 
 (2) Volume
 is measured in thousands of barrels (";MBbls";). 

 Scheduled
Maturities of Long-Term Debt . We
have long-term and short-term payment obligations under debt
agreements. Amounts shown in the preceding table represent our
scheduled future maturities of debt principal for the periods
indicated. See Note 12 for additional information regarding our
consolidated debt obligations. 
 
 Operating
Lease Obligations . We lease certain property, plant and
equipment under noncancelable and cancelable operating
leases. Amounts shown in the preceding table represent minimum cash
lease payment obligations under our operating leases with terms in excess of one
year. 

 F-81 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Our
significant lease agreements involve (i) the lease of underground caverns for
the storage of natural gas and NGLs, (ii) leased office space with affiliates of
EPCO and (iii) land held pursuant to right-of-way agreements. In
general, our material lease agreements have current terms that range from 14 to
20 years. The agreements for leased office space with affiliates of
EPCO and underground NGL storage caverns we lease from a third party include
renewal options that could extend these contracts for up to an additional 20
years. The remainder of our material lease agreements do not provide
for additional renewal terms. 
 
 Lease expense is charged to operating
costs and expenses on a straight line basis over the period of expected economic
benefit. Contingent rental payments are expensed as
incurred. We are generally required to perform routine maintenance on
the underlying leased assets. In addition, certain leases give us the
option to make leasehold improvements. Maintenance and repairs of
leased assets resulting from our operations are charged to expense as
incurred. We did not make any significant leasehold improvements
during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 or 2007. 
 
 The
operating lease commitments shown in the preceding table exclude the non-cash,
related party expense associated with retained leases contributed to us by EPCO
in 1998. EPCO remains liable for the actual cash lease payments
associated with these agreements, which it accounts for as operating
leases. At December 31, 2009, the retained leases were for
approximately 100 railcars. EPCO';s minimum future rental payments
under these leases are $0.7 million for each of the years 2010 through 2015 and
$0.3 million for 2016. We record the full value of these payments
made by EPCO on our behalf as a non-cash related party operating lease expense,
with the offset to equity accounted for as a general contribution to our
partnership. 
 
 The
retained lease agreements contain lessee purchase options, which are at prices
that approximate fair value of the underlying leased assets. EPCO has
assigned these purchase options to us. We exercised our election
under the retained leases to purchase a cogeneration unit in December 2008 for
$2.3 million. Should we decide to exercise the purchase option
associated with the remaining agreement, we would pay the original lessor $3.1
million in June 2016. 
 
 Lease and
rental expense included in costs and expenses was $60.7 million, $56.8 million
and $61.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. 
 
 Purchase
Obligations .
 We
define a purchase obligation as an agreement to purchase goods or services that
is enforceable and legally binding (unconditional) on us that specifies all
significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased;
fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the
transactions. We have classified our unconditional purchase
obligations into the following categories: 

 &#167; 

 We
 have long and short-term product purchase obligations for natural gas,
 NGLs, crude oil, refined products and certain petrochemicals with
 third-party suppliers. The prices that we are obligated to pay
 under these contracts approximate market prices at the time we take
 delivery of the volumes. The preceding table shows our volume
 commitments and estimated payment obligations under these contracts for
 the periods indicated. Our estimated future payment obligations
 are based on the contractual price under each contract for purchases made
 at December 31, 2009 applied to all future volume
 commitments. Actual future payment obligations may vary
 depending on prices at the time of delivery. At December 31,
 2009, we do not have any significant product purchase commitments with
 fixed or minimum pricing provisions with remaining terms in excess of one
 year. 

 &#167; 

 We
 have long and short-term commitments to pay third-party providers for
 services. Our contractual service payment commitments primarily
 represent our obligations under firm pipeline transportation contracts on
 pipelines owned by third parties. Payment obligations vary by
 contract, but generally represent a price per unit of volume multiplied by
 a firm transportation volume commitment. The preceding table
 shows our estimated future payment obligations under these service
 contracts. 

 F-82 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 &#167; 

 We
 have short-term payment obligations relating to our capital projects and
 those of our unconsolidated affiliates. These commitments
 represent unconditional payment obligations to vendors for services
 rendered or products purchased. The preceding table presents
 our share of such commitments for the periods
 indicated. 

 Commitments
Under Equity Compensation Plans of EPCO 
 
 In accordance with our agreements with
EPCO, we reimburse EPCO for our share of its compensation expense associated
with certain employees who perform management, administrative and operating
functions for us (see Note 15). See Note 5 for additional information
regarding our accounting for equity awards. 
 
 Other
Claims 
 
 As part of our normal business
activities with joint venture partners, customers and suppliers, we occasionally
have claims made against us as a result of disputes related to contractual
agreements. As of December 31, 2009, claims against us totaled
approximately $21.1 million. These matters are in various stages of
assessment and the ultimate outcome of such disputes cannot be reasonably
estimated. However, in our opinion, the likelihood of a material
adverse outcome related to disputes against us is
remote. Accordingly, accruals for loss contingencies related to these
matters that might result from the resolution of such disputes have not been
reflected in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Other
Commitments 
 
 We
transport and store natural gas, NGLs and petrochemicals for third parties under
various processing, storage, transportation and similar
agreements. These volumes are either accrued as product payables, in
transit for delivery to our customers or held at our storage facilities for
redelivery to our customers. Under terms of our storage agreements,
we are generally required to redeliver volumes to the owner on
demand. At December 31, 2009, NGL and petrochemical products
aggregating 29.8 million barrels were due to be redelivered to their owners
along with 17,112 BBtus of natural gas. See Note 2 for more
information regarding accrued product payables. 
 
 Centennial
Guarantees 
 
 We have
certain guarantee obligations in connection with our ownership interest in
Centennial. We have guaranteed one-half of Centennial';s debt
obligations, which obligates us to an estimated payment of $60.0 million in the
event of a default by Centennial. At December 31, 2009, we had a
liability of $8.4 million representing the estimated fair value of our share of
the Centennial debt guaranty. See Note 12 for information regarding
Centennial';s debt obligations. 
 
 In lieu
of Centennial procuring insurance to satisfy third-party liabilities arising
from a catastrophic event, we and Centennial';s other joint venture partner have
entered a limited cash call agreement. We are obligated to contribute
up to a maximum of $50.0 million (in proportion to our ownership interest in
Centennial) in the event of a catastrophic event. At December 31,
2009, we had a liability of $3.6 million representing the estimated fair value
of our cash call guaranty. Cash contributions to Centennial under the
limited cash call agreement may be covered by our insurance depending on the
nature of the catastrophic event. 

 Note 19. Significant Risks and
Uncertainties 
 
 Nature
of Operations in Midstream Energy Industry 
 
 Our operations are within the midstream
energy industry, which includes gathering, transporting, processing,
fractionating and storing natural gas, NGLs, crude oil, refined products and
certain petrochemicals. We also market natural gas, NGLs, crude oil
and other hydrocarbon products. As such, 

 F-83 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be affected by
changes in the commodity prices of these hydrocarbon products, including changes
in the relative price levels among these products (e.g., natural gas processing
margins are influenced by the ratio of natural gas prices to crude oil
prices). The prices of hydrocarbon products are subject to
fluctuation in response to changes in supply, market uncertainty and a variety
of additional factors that are beyond our control. 
 
 Our
profitability could be impacted by a decline in the volume of hydrocarbon
products gathered, transported, processed, fractionated or stored at our
facilities. A material decrease in natural gas or crude oil
production or crude oil refining, for reasons such as depressed commodity prices
or a decrease in exploration and development activities, could result in a
decline in the volume of natural gas, NGLs, refined products and crude oil
handled by our facilities. 
 
 A reduction in demand for natural gas,
crude oil, NGL and other hydrocarbon products by the petrochemical, refining or
heating industries, whether because of: (i) general economic conditions, (ii)
reduced demand by consumers for the end products made using such products, (iii)
increased competition from other products due to pricing differences, (iv)
adverse weather conditions, (v) government regulations affecting energy
commodity prices, production levels of hydrocarbons or the content of motor
gasoline or (vi) other reasons, could adversely affect our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Credit
Risk Due to Industry Concentrations 
 
 A
substantial portion of our revenues are derived from companies in the domestic
natural gas, NGL and petrochemical industries. This concentration
could affect our overall exposure to credit risk since these customers may be
affected by similar economic or other conditions. We generally do not
require collateral for our accounts receivable; however, we do attempt to
negotiate offset, prepayment, or automatic debit agreements with customers that
are deemed to be credit risks in order to minimize our potential exposure to any
defaults. See Note 14 for information regarding our largest
customer. 
 
 Counterparty
Risk with Respect to Derivative Instruments 
 
 In those
situations where we are exposed to credit risk in our derivative instrument
transactions, we analyze the counterparty';s financial condition prior to
entering into an agreement, establish credit and/or margin limits and monitor
the appropriateness of these limits on an ongoing basis. Generally,
we do not require collateral nor do we anticipate nonperformance by our
counterparties. 
 
 Insurance-Related
Risks 
 
 We
participate as a named insured in EPCO';s insurance program, which provides us
with property damage, business interruption and other coverages, the scope and
amounts of which are customary and sufficient for the nature and extent of our
operations. While we believe EPCO maintains adequate insurance
coverage on our behalf, insurance will not cover every type of damage or
interruption that might occur. If we were to incur a significant
liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material impact
on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. In addition, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be
paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient to reimburse us for our repair
costs or lost income. Any event that interrupts the revenues
generated by our consolidated operations, or which causes us to make significant
expenditures not covered by insurance, could reduce our ability to pay
distributions to our partners and, accordingly, adversely affect the market
price of our common units. 
 
 EPCO';s
deductible for onshore physical damage from windstorms is currently $25.0
million per storm. EPCO';s onshore program currently provides $150.0
million per occurrence for named windstorm events. With respect to
offshore assets, the windstorm deductible is $75.0 million per
storm. EPCO';s offshore program currently provides $100.0 million in
the aggregate. For non-windstorm events, EPCO';s deductible for both
onshore and offshore physical damage is $5.0 million per occurrence. For
certain of our major offshore assets, our producer customers have agreed to
provide a specified level of physical damage insurance for named
windstorms. For example, the producers associated with our
Independence 

 F-84 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Hub and
Marco Polo platforms have agreed to cover windstorm generated physical damage
costs up to $250.0 million for each platform. 
 
 Business
interruption coverage in connection with a windstorm event remains in place for
onshore assets, but was eliminated for offshore assets. Onshore
assets covered by business interruption insurance must be out-of-service in
excess of 60 days before any losses from business interruption will be
covered. Furthermore, pursuant to the current policy, we will now
absorb 50% of the first $50.0 million of any loss in excess of deductible
amounts for our onshore assets. 
 
 The
following table summarizes proceeds we received from weather-related business
interruption and property damage insurance claims during the periods
indicated: 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Business
 interruption proceeds: 

 Hurricanes
 Katrina and Rita in 2005 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 1.1 

 $ 
 33.9 

 Hurricanes
 Gustav and Ike in 2008 

 33.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.4 

 Total
 proceeds 

 33.2 

 1.1 

 35.3 

 Property
 damage proceeds: 

 Hurricanes
 Katrina and Rita in 2005 

 38.6 

 12.1 

 103.7 

 Hurricanes
 Gustav and Ike in 2008 

 15.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 Other 

 0.7 

 -- 

 1.5 

 Total
 proceeds 

 54.4 

 12.1 

 105.2 

 Total 

 $ 
 87.6 

 $ 
 13.2 

 $ 
 140.5 

 At
December 31, 2009, we have $37.6 million of estimated property damage claims
outstanding related to these storms that we believe are probable of collection
through 2010. To the extent we estimate the dollar value of such
damages, please be aware that a change in our estimates may occur as additional
information becomes available. 

 Note 20. Supplemental Cash Flow
Information 
 
 The
following table provides information regarding: (i) the net effect of changes in
our operating assets and liabilities; (ii) cash payments for interest and (iii)
cash payments for federal and state income taxes for the periods
indicated. 

 For
 Year Ended December 31, 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Decrease
 (increase) in: 

 Accounts
 and notes receivable &#8211; trade 

 $ 
 (1,069.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,333.9 

 $ 
 (1,175.8 
 ) 

 Accounts
 receivable &#8211; related party 

 7.2 

 3.6 

 (37.0 
 ) 

 Inventories 

 (317.4 
 ) 

 14.9 

 (20.4 
 ) 

 Prepaid
 and other current assets 

 71.2 

 (26.9 
 ) 

 36.6 

 Other
 assets 

 15.0 

 (11.7 
 ) 

 (6.7 
 ) 

 Increase
 (decrease) in: 

 Accounts
 payable &#8211; trade 

 (51.7 
 ) 

 (9.1 
 ) 

 193.8 

 Accounts
 payable &#8211; related party 

 44.3 

 1.2 

 (2.2 
 ) 

 Accrued
 product payables 

 1,552.9 

 (1,722.0 
 ) 

 2,195.2 

 Accrued
 expenses 

 42.4 

 3.4 

 (809.3 
 ) 

 Accrued
 interest 

 33.7 

 21.8 

 39.9 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 (105.5 
 ) 

 (27.7 
 ) 

 44.5 

 Other
 liabilities 

 22.9 

 7.5 

 (23.7 
 ) 

 Net
 effect of changes in operating accounts 

 $ 
 245.9 

 $ 
 (411.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 434.9 

 Cash
 payments for interest, net of $53.1, $90.7 and 

 $86.5
 capitalized in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively 

 $ 
 651.5 

 $ 
 569.7 

 $ 
 429.5 

 Cash
 payments for federal and state income taxes 

 $ 
 29.5 

 $ 
 6.8 

 $ 
 5.8 

 F-85 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 We
incurred liabilities for construction in progress that had not been paid at
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 of $182.6 million, $107.9 million and $107.0
million, respectively. Such amounts are not included under the
caption ";Capital expenditures"; on the Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows. 
 
 Third parties may be obligated to
reimburse us for all or a portion of expenditures on certain of our capital
projects. The majority of such arrangements are associated with
projects related to pipeline construction and production well
tie-ins. These amounts are included under the caption ";Contributions
in aid of construction costs"; on the Statements of Consolidated Cash
Flows. 

 Note 21. Quarterly Financial Information
(Unaudited) 
 
 The
following table presents selected quarterly financial data for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008: 

 First 

 Second 

 Third 

 Fourth 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2009: 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 4,886.9 

 $ 
 5,434.3 

 $ 
 6,789.4 

 $ 
 8,400.3 

 Operating
 income 

 482.8 

 373.3 

 356.3 

 611.6 

 Net
 income 

 315.5 

 212.5 

 187.8 

 439.3 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 225.3 

 186.6 

 212.9 

 406.1 

 Earnings
 per unit: 

 Basic 

 $ 
 0.41 

 $ 
 0.32 

 $ 
 0.36 

 $ 
 0.60 

 Diluted 

 $ 
 0.41 

 $ 
 0.32 

 $ 
 0.36 

 $ 
 0.60 

 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2008: 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 8,506.4 

 $ 
 10,538.6 

 $ 
 10,499.1 

 $ 
 5,925.5 

 Operating
 income 

 469.7 

 454.6 

 401.0 

 423.1 

 Net
 income 

 336.0 

 320.0 

 258.1 

 274.8 

 Net
 income attributable to Enterprise Products Partners L.P. 

 259.6 

 263.3 

 203.1 

 228.0 

 Earnings
 per unit: 

 Basic 

 $ 
 0.51 

 $ 
 0.52 

 $ 
 0.38 

 $ 
 0.43 

 Diluted 

 $ 
 0.51 

 $ 
 0.52 

 $ 
 0.38 

 $ 
 0.43 

 Note 22. Condensed Consolidating Financial
Information 
 
 EPO
conducts substantially all of our business. Currently, we have no independent
operations and no material assets outside those of EPO. EPO
consolidates the financial statements of Duncan Energy Partners with those of
its own. 
 
 EPO has
issued publicly traded debt securities. Enterprise Products Partners
L.P., as the parent company of EPO, guarantees the debt obligations of EPO, with
the exception of Duncan Energy Partners'; debt obligations. If EPO
were to default on any of its guaranteed debt, Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
would be responsible for full repayment of that obligation. EPO';s
consolidated subsidiaries have no significant restrictions on their ability to
pay distributions or make loans to Enterprise Products Partners
L.P. See Note 12 for additional information regarding our
consolidated debt obligations. 
 
 Immediately
after the closing of the TEPPCO Merger, Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
contributed its ownership interests in TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP to
EPO. The following condensed consolidating financial information for
EPO has been recast to include TEPPCO and TEPPCO GP using the same basis of
presentation described in Note 1 for our consolidated financial
statements. 
 
 In preparing our 2009 consolidated
financial statements, management reevaluated the disclosure requirements of S-X
Rule 3-10, Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed
Securities Registered or Being Registered, and determined that the following
Condensed Consolidating Financial 

 F-86 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Information,
rather than the previously disclosed consolidated financial information of EPO,
should be prospectively included herein. 
 
 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 December
31, 2009 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 ASSETS 

 Current
 assets: 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 

 $ 
 14.4 

 $ 
 46.3 

 $ 
 (6.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 54.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 54.7 

 Restricted
 Cash 

 63.1 

 0.5 

 -- 

 63.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 63.6 

 Accounts
 and notes receivable, net 

 509.6 

 2,674.0 

 (45.7 
 ) 

 3,137.9 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 3,137.4 

 Inventories 

 595.4 

 120.3 

 (3.8 
 ) 

 711.9 

 -- 

 -- 

 711.9 

 Prepaid
 and other current assets 

 185.4 

 100.6 

 (6.7 
 ) 

 279.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 279.3 

 Total
 current assets 

 1,367.9 

 2,941.7 

 (62.4 
 ) 

 4,247.2 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 4,246.9 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 1,436.1 

 16,242.0 

 11.1 

 17,689.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 17,689.2 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 18,981.2 

 5,912.7 

 (24,003.3 
 ) 

 890.6 

 9,512.4 

 (9,512.4 
 ) 

 890.6 

 Intangible
 assets, net 

 170.0 

 910.3 

 (15.5 
 ) 

 1,064.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,064.8 

 Goodwill 

 473.7 

 1,544.6 

 -- 

 2,018.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 2,018.3 

 Other
 assets 

 287.2 

 131.1 

 (177.4 
 ) 

 240.9 

 -- 

 0.9 

 241.8 

 Total
 assets 

 $ 
 22,716.1 

 $ 
 27,682.4 

 $ 
 (24,247.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26,151.0 

 $ 
 9,512.1 

 $ 
 (9,511.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26,151.6 

 LIABILITIES
 AND EQUITY 

 Current
 liabilities: 

 Accounts
 payable 

 $ 
 146.3 

 $ 
 551.5 

 $ 
 (217.4 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 480.4 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 480.4 

 Accrued
 product payables 

 1,842.6 

 1,557.3 

 (6.9 
 ) 

 3,393.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 3,393.0 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 403.7 

 274.2 

 (15.3 
 ) 

 662.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 662.6 

 Total
 current liabilities 

 2,392.6 

 2,383.0 

 (239.6 
 ) 

 4,536.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 4,536.0 

 Long-term
 debt 

 10,777.6 

 568.8 

 -- 

 11,346.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 11,346.4 

 Commitments
 and contingencies 

 Other
 long-term liabilities 

 17.9 

 209.0 

 -- 

 226.9 

 -- 

 -- 

 226.9 

 Equity: 

 Controlling
 interests 

 9,528.0 

 21,058.3 

 (21,084.5 
 ) 

 9,501.8 

 9,512.1 

 (9,501.8 
 ) 

 9,512.1 

 Noncontrolling
 interests 

 -- 

 3,463.3 

 (2,923.4 
 ) 

 539.9 

 -- 

 (9.7 
 ) 

 530.2 

 Total
 equity 

 9,528.0 

 24,521.6 

 (24,007.9 
 ) 

 10,041.7 

 9,512.1 

 (9,511.5 
 ) 

 10,042.3 

 Total
 liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 22,716.1 

 $ 
 27,682.4 

 $ 
 (24,247.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26,151.0 

 $ 
 9,512.1 

 $ 
 (9,511.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26,151.6 

 F-87 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Balance Sheet 
 December
31, 2008 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 ASSETS 

 Current
 assets: 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents 

 $ 
 1.0 

 $ 
 69.7 

 $ 
 (9.4 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 61.3 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 61.7 

 Restricted
 Cash 

 203.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 203.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 203.8 

 Accounts
 and notes receivable, net 

 1,230.9 

 930.1 

 (84.9 
 ) 

 2,076.1 

 (7.7 
 ) 

 (4.6 
 ) 

 2,063.8 

 Inventories 

 288.8 

 129.3 

 (13.1 
 ) 

 405.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 405.0 

 Prepaid
 and other current assets 

 107.4 

 254.4 

 6.6 

 368.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 368.4 

 Total
 current assets 

 1,831.9 

 1,383.5 

 (100.8 
 ) 

 3,114.6 

 (7.5 
 ) 

 (4.4 
 ) 

 3,102.7 

 Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

 1,249.7 

 15,457.7 

 25.4 

 16,732.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 16,732.8 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 13,389.3 

 5,297.4 

 (17,774.8 
 ) 

 911.9 

 6,097.5 

 (6,097.5 
 ) 

 911.9 

 Intangible
 assets, net 

 182.4 

 1,016.7 

 (16.2 
 ) 

 1,182.9 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,182.9 

 Goodwill 

 473.7 

 342.6 

 1,203.3 

 2,019.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 2,019.6 

 Other
 assets 

 308.3 

 159.0 

 (206.2 
 ) 

 261.1 

 -- 

 0.6 

 261.7 

 Total
 assets 

 $ 
 17,435.3 

 $ 
 23,656.9 

 $ 
 (16,869.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 24,222.9 

 $ 
 6,090.0 

 $ 
 (6,101.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 24,211.6 

 LIABILITIES
 AND EQUITY 

 Current
 liabilities: 

 Accounts
 payable 

 $ 
 1,532.1 

 $ 
 (841.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (285.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 405.8 

 $ 
 0.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 406.3 

 Accrued
 product payables 

 844.8 

 1,014.2 

 (13.3 
 ) 

 1,845.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 1,845.7 

 Other
 current liabilities 

 262.4 

 601.5 

 (14.7 
 ) 

 849.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 849.2 

 Total
 current liabilities 

 2,639.3 

 774.5 

 (313.1 
 ) 

 3,100.7 

 0.5 

 -- 

 3,101.2 

 Long-term
 debt 

 8,567.0 

 3,070.9 

 -- 

 11,637.9 

 -- 

 -- 

 11,637.9 

 Commitments
 and contingencies 

 Other
 long-term liabilities 

 17.2 

 159.4 

 -- 

 176.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 176.6 

 Equity: 

 Controlling
 interests 

 6,211.8 

 16,476.0 

 (16,597.1 
 ) 

 6,090.7 

 6,089.5 

 (6,090.7 
 ) 

 6,089.5 

 Noncontrolling
 interests 

 -- 

 3,176.1 

 40.9 

 3,217.0 

 -- 

 (10.6 
 ) 

 3,206.4 

 Total
 equity 

 6,211.8 

 19,652.1 

 (16,556.2 
 ) 

 9,307.7 

 6,089.5 

 (6,101.3 
 ) 

 9,295.9 

 Total
 liabilities and equity 

 $ 
 17,435.3 

 $ 
 23,656.9 

 $ 
 (16,869.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 24,222.9 

 $ 
 6,090.0 

 $ 
 (6,101.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 24,211.6 

 F-88 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2009 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 18,986.8 

 $ 
 14,496.0 

 $ 
 (7,971.9 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 25,510.9 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 25,510.9 

 Costs
 and expenses: 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 18,647.9 

 12,821.8 

 (7,903.9 
 ) 

 23,565.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 23,565.8 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 14.1 

 149.2 

 -- 

 163.3 

 9.0 

 -- 

 172.3 

 Total
 costs and expenses 

 18,662.0 

 12,971.0 

 (7,903.9 
 ) 

 23,729.1 

 9.0 

 -- 

 23,738.1 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 1,225.8 

 117.5 

 (1,292.1 
 ) 

 51.2 

 1,039.9 

 (1,039.9 
 ) 

 51.2 

 Operating
 income 

 1,550.6 

 1,642.5 

 (1,360.1 
 ) 

 1,833.0 

 1,030.9 

 (1,039.9 
 ) 

 1,824.0 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 expense 

 (514.1 
 ) 

 (140.4 
 ) 

 12.7 

 (641.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (641.8 
 ) 

 Other,
 net 

 8.5 

 2.4 

 (12.7 
 ) 

 (1.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.8 
 ) 

 Total
 other expense, net 

 (505.6 
 ) 

 (138.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 (643.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (643.6 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 1,045.0 

 1,504.5 

 (1,360.1 
 ) 

 1,189.4 

 1,030.9 

 (1,039.9 
 ) 

 1,180.4 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 (7.8 
 ) 

 (17.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 (25.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 (25.3 
 ) 

 Net
 income 

 1,037.2 

 1,487.1 

 (1,360.1 
 ) 

 1,164.2 

 1,030.9 

 (1,040.0 
 ) 

 1,155.1 

 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 21.6 

 (146.2 
 ) 

 (124.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.4 

 (124.2 
 ) 

 Net
 income attributable to entity 

 $ 
 1,037.2 

 $ 
 1,508.7 

 $ 
 (1,506.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,039.6 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 (1,039.6 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,030.9 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2008 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 23,348.2 

 $ 
 21,729.0 

 $ 
 (9,607.6 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 35,469.6 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 35,469.6 

 Costs
 and expenses: 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 23,140.2 

 20,078.6 

 (9,599.9 
 ) 

 33,618.9 

 -- 

 -- 

 33,618.9 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 12.6 

 122.1 

 -- 

 134.7 

 2.5 

 -- 

 137.2 

 Total
 costs and expenses 

 23,152.8 

 20,200.7 

 (9,599.9 
 ) 

 33,753.6 

 2.5 

 -- 

 33,756.1 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 1,140.5 

 158.5 

 (1,264.1 
 ) 

 34.9 

 956.5 

 (956.5 
 ) 

 34.9 

 Operating
 income 

 1,335.9 

 1,686.8 

 (1,271.8 
 ) 

 1,750.9 

 954.0 

 (956.5 
 ) 

 1,748.4 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 expense 

 (386.6 
 ) 

 (166.2 
 ) 

 12.1 

 (540.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (540.7 
 ) 

 Other,
 net 

 21.1 

 0.4 

 (9.3 
 ) 

 12.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 12.2 

 Total
 other expense, net 

 (365.5 
 ) 

 (165.8 
 ) 

 2.8 

 (528.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (528.5 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 970.4 

 1,521.0 

 (1,269.0 
 ) 

 1,222.4 

 954.0 

 (956.5 
 ) 

 1,219.9 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 (14.2 
 ) 

 (16.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 (31.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (31.0 
 ) 

 Net
 income 

 956.2 

 1,504.2 

 (1,269.0 
 ) 

 1,191.4 

 954.0 

 (956.5 
 ) 

 1,188.9 

 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 (221.1 
 ) 

 (14.0 
 ) 

 (235.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.2 

 (234.9 
 ) 

 Net
 income attributable to entity 

 $ 
 956.2 

 $ 
 1,283.1 

 $ 
 (1,283.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 956.3 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 (956.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 954.0 

 F-89 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Operations 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2007 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Revenues 

 $ 
 16,308.8 

 $ 
 16,541.8 

 $ 
 (6,136.8 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 26,713.8 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 26,713.8 

 Costs
 and expenses: 

 Operating
 costs and expenses 

 16,257.6 

 15,270.5 

 (6,126.0 
 ) 

 25,402.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 25,402.1 

 General
 and administrative costs 

 26.5 

 98.2 

 -- 

 124.7 

 2.5 

 -- 

 127.2 

 Total
 costs and expenses 

 16,284.1 

 15,368.7 

 (6,126.0 
 ) 

 25,526.8 

 2.5 

 -- 

 25,529.3 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 800.4 

 108.5 

 (898.4 
 ) 

 10.5 

 534.3 

 (534.3 
 ) 

 10.5 

 Operating
 income 

 825.1 

 1,281.6 

 (909.2 
 ) 

 1,197.5 

 531.8 

 (534.3 
 ) 

 1,195.0 

 Other
 income (expense): 

 Interest
 expense 

 (300.4 
 ) 

 (124.7 
 ) 

 12.1 

 (413.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (413.0 
 ) 

 Other,
 net 

 14.6 

 67.0 

 (11.7 
 ) 

 69.9 

 1.8 

 -- 

 71.7 

 Total
 other expense, net 

 (285.8 
 ) 

 (57.7 
 ) 

 0.4 

 (343.1 
 ) 

 1.8 

 -- 

 (341.3 
 ) 

 Income
 before provision for income taxes 

 539.3 

 1,223.9 

 (908.8 
 ) 

 854.4 

 533.6 

 (534.3 
 ) 

 853.7 

 Provision
 for income taxes 

 (5.0 
 ) 

 (10.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 (15.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (15.7 
 ) 

 Net
 income 

 534.3 

 1,213.2 

 (908.8 
 ) 

 838.7 

 533.6 

 (534.3 
 ) 

 838.0 

 Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 (305.6 
 ) 

 1.1 

 (304.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.1 

 (304.4 
 ) 

 Net
 income attributable to entity 

 $ 
 534.3 

 $ 
 907.6 

 $ 
 (907.7 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 534.2 

 $ 
 533.6 

 $ 
 (534.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 533.6 

 F-90 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2009 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Operating
 activities: 

 Net
 income 

 $ 
 1,037.2 

 $ 
 1,487.1 

 $ 
 (1,360.1 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,164.2 

 $ 
 1,030.9 

 $ 
 (1,040.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,155.1 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to cash provided 
 by
 operating activities: 

 Depreciation,
 accretion and amortization 

 86.3 

 748.7 

 (1.6 
 ) 

 833.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 833.4 

 Non-cash
 impairment charges 

 -- 

 33.5 

 -- 

 33.5 

 -- 

 -- 

 33.5 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 (1,225.8 
 ) 

 (117.5 
 ) 

 1,292.1 

 (51.2 
 ) 

 (1,039.9 
 ) 

 1,039.9 

 (51.2 
 ) 

 Distributions
 received from unconsolidated affiliates 

 258.6 

 79.8 

 (251.8 
 ) 

 86.6 

 1,265.0 

 (1,265.0 
 ) 

 86.6 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.7 

 Loss
 on forfeiture of investment in TOPS 

 -- 

 68.4 

 -- 

 68.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 68.4 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 -- 

 0.3 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 Deferred
 income tax expense 

 (0.9 
 ) 

 5.8 

 -- 

 4.9 

 -- 

 (0.4 
 ) 

 4.5 

 Changes
 in fair market value of derivative instruments 

 5.8 

 (5.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.4 

 Effect
 of pension settlement recognition 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 Net
 effect of changes in operating accounts 

 1,314.9 

 (856.7 
 ) 

 (208.8 
 ) 

 249.4 

 (3.7 
 ) 

 0.2 

 245.9 

 Cash
 provided by operating activities 

 1,476.8 

 1,443.9 

 (530.5 
 ) 

 2,390.2 

 1,252.3 

 (1,265.3 
 ) 

 2,377.2 

 Investing
 activities: 

 Capital
 expenditures, net of contributions in aid of 
 construction
 costs 

 (209.9 
 ) 

 (1,356.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1,566.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1,566.5 
 ) 

 Decrease
 (increase) in restricted cash 

 140.7 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 140.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 140.2 

 Cash
 used for business combinations 

 (23.7 
 ) 

 (93.9 
 ) 

 10.3 

 (107.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (107.3 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of intangible assets 

 -- 

 (1.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 (1.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1.4 
 ) 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 (1,266.0 
 ) 

 (18.1 
 ) 

 1,265.3 

 (18.8 
 ) 

 (908.3 
 ) 

 908.3 

 (18.8 
 ) 

 Proceeds
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 -- 

 3.6 

 -- 

 3.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 3.6 

 Other
 investing activities 

 -- 

 3.3 

 -- 

 3.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 3.3 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (1,358.9 
 ) 

 (1,463.6 
 ) 

 1,275.6 

 (1,546.9 
 ) 

 (908.3 
 ) 

 908.3 

 (1,546.9 
 ) 

 Financing
 activities: 

 Borrowings
 under debt agreements 

 6,105.0 

 1,271.6 

 -- 

 7,376.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 7,376.6 

 Repayments
 of debt 

 (5,838.2 
 ) 

 (1,815.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 (7,653.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (7,653.5 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (1,265.1 
 ) 

 (448.1 
 ) 

 448.1 

 (1,265.1 
 ) 

 (1,254.8 
 ) 

 1,265.1 

 (1,254.8 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 (303.8 
 ) 

 (36.4 
 ) 

 (340.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.2 

 (340.0 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 912.7 

 -- 

 912.7 

 Cash
 contributions from members 

 908.3 

 1,288.8 

 (1,288.8 
 ) 

 908.3 

 -- 

 (908.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 3.5 

 135.2 

 138.7 

 -- 

 -- 

 138.7 

 Other
 financing activities 

 (14.5 
 ) 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (14.7 
 ) 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 (16.8 
 ) 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

 (104.5 
 ) 

 (3.5 
 ) 

 (741.9 
 ) 

 (849.9 
 ) 

 (344.2 
 ) 

 357.0 

 (837.1 
 ) 

 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

 -- 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 13.4 

 (23.2 
 ) 

 3.2 

 (6.6 
 ) 

 (0.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (6.8 
 ) 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, January 1 

 1.0 

 69.7 

 (9.4 
 ) 

 61.3 

 0.2 

 0.2 

 61.7 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, December 31 

 $ 
 14.4 

 $ 
 46.3 

 $ 
 (6.2 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 54.5 

 $ 
 -- 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 54.7 

 F-91 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2008 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Operating
 activities: 

 Net
 income 

 $ 
 956.2 

 $ 
 1,504.2 

 $ 
 (1,269.0 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,191.4 

 $ 
 954.0 

 $ 
 (956.5 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,188.9 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to cash provided 
 by
 operating activities: 

 Depreciation,
 accretion and amortization 

 68.4 

 669.3 

 0.1 

 737.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 737.8 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 (1,140.5 
 ) 

 (158.5 
 ) 

 1,264.1 

 (34.9 
 ) 

 (956.5 
 ) 

 956.5 

 (34.9 
 ) 

 Distributions
 received from unconsolidated affiliates 

 346.6 

 (265.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 80.8 

 1,036.8 

 (1,036.8 
 ) 

 80.8 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.0 

 Gain
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (4.0 
 ) 

 Loss
 (gain) on early extinguishment of debt 

 (7.1 
 ) 

 8.7 

 -- 

 1.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.6 

 Deferred
 income tax expense 

 (0.4 
 ) 

 6.6 

 -- 

 6.2 

 -- 

 -- 

 6.2 

 Changes
 in fair market value of derivative instruments 

 3.8 

 (3.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 Effect
 of pension settlement recognition 

 (1.2 
 ) 

 1.1 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 Net
 effect of changes in operating accounts 

 (352.1 
 ) 

 (66.5 
 ) 

 3.3 

 (415.3 
 ) 

 3.2 

 1.0 

 (411.1 
 ) 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) operating activities 

 (124.3 
 ) 

 1,691.2 

 (1.5 
 ) 

 1,565.4 

 1,037.5 

 (1,035.8 
 ) 

 1,567.1 

 Investing
 activities: 

 Capital
 expenditures, net of contributions in aid of 
 construction
 costs 

 (42.2 
 ) 

 (2,470.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (2,512.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2,512.4 
 ) 

 Increase
 in restricted cash 

 (132.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (132.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (132.8 
 ) 

 Cash
 used for business combinations 

 (77.0 
 ) 

 (476.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 (553.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (553.5 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of intangible assets 

 (5.1 
 ) 

 (0.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 (5.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (5.8 
 ) 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 (584.1 
 ) 

 512.7 

 6.7 

 (64.7 
 ) 

 (141.0 
 ) 

 141.0 

 (64.7 
 ) 

 Proceeds
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 0.3 

 22.0 

 -- 

 22.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 22.3 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (840.9 
 ) 

 (2,412.7 
 ) 

 6.7 

 (3,246.9 
 ) 

 (141.0 
 ) 

 141.0 

 (3,246.9 
 ) 

 Financing
 activities: 

 Borrowings
 under debt agreements 

 8,284.6 

 4,903.4 

 -- 

 13,188.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 13,188.0 

 Repayments
 of debt 

 (6,403.5 
 ) 

 (4,030.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 (10,434.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (10,434.3 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (1,036.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (1,036.8 
 ) 

 (1,037.4 
 ) 

 1,036.8 

 (1,037.4 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 (384.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 (384.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 0.9 

 (383.9 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 142.8 

 -- 

 142.8 

 Cash
 contributions from members 

 141.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 141.0 

 -- 

 (141.0 
 ) 

 -- 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 313.3 

 -- 

 313.3 

 -- 

 (1.8 
 ) 

 311.5 

 Other
 financing activities 

 (30.3 
 ) 

 (63.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 (94.1 
 ) 

 (1.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 (96.0 
 ) 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

 955.0 

 737.3 

 -- 

 1,692.3 

 (896.5 
 ) 

 894.9 

 1,690.7 

 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

 -- 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (0.5 
 ) 

 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 (10.2 
 ) 

 15.8 

 5.2 

 10.8 

 -- 

 0.1 

 10.9 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, January 1 

 11.2 

 54.4 

 (14.6 
 ) 

 51.0 

 0.2 

 0.1 

 51.3 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, December 31 

 $ 
 1.0 

 $ 
 69.7 

 $ 
 (9.4 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 61.3 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 61.7 

 F-92 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Enterprise
Products Partners L.P. 
 Condensed
Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
 Year
Ended December 31, 2007 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Subsidiary
 Issuer (EPO) 

 Other
 Subsidiaries 
 (Non-guarantor) 

 EPO
 and Subsidiaries Eliminations and Adjustments 

 Consolidated 
 EPO
 and Subsidiaries 

 Parent
 Company (Guarantor) 

 Eliminations
 and Adjustments 

 Consolidated
 Total 

 Operating
 activities: 

 Net
 income 

 $ 
 534.3 

 $ 
 1,213.2 

 $ 
 (908.8 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 838.7 

 $ 
 533.6 

 $ 
 (534.3 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 838.0 

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to cash provided 
 by
 operating activities: 

 Depreciation,
 accretion and amortization 

 62.2 

 595.9 

 0.3 

 658.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 658.4 

 Equity
 in income of unconsolidated affiliates 

 (800.4 
 ) 

 (108.5 
 ) 

 898.4 

 (10.5 
 ) 

 (534.3 
 ) 

 534.3 

 (10.5 
 ) 

 Distributions
 received from unconsolidated affiliates 

 924.6 

 (837.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 87.0 

 946.9 

 (946.9 
 ) 

 87.0 

 Operating
 lease expenses paid by EPCO 

 2.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 2.1 

 Loss
 (gain) from asset sales and related transactions 

 5.8 

 (73.2 
 ) 

 -- 

 (67.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (67.4 
 ) 

 Loss
 on early extinguishment of debt 

 -- 

 1.6 

 -- 

 1.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.6 

 Deferred
 income tax expense 

 2.4 

 5.2 

 -- 

 7.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 7.6 

 Changes
 in fair market value of derivative instruments 

 0.4 

 0.9 

 -- 

 1.3 

 -- 

 -- 

 1.3 

 Effect
 of pension settlement recognition 

 0.4 

 0.2 

 -- 

 0.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.6 

 Net
 effect of changes in operating accounts 

 (830.0 
 ) 

 1,244.5 

 8.0 

 422.5 

 9.8 

 2.6 

 434.9 

 Cash
 provided by operating activities 

 (98.2 
 ) 

 2,042.2 

 (2.1 
 ) 

 1,941.9 

 956.0 

 (944.3 
 ) 

 1,953.6 

 Investing
 activities: 

 Capital
 expenditures, net of contributions in aid of 
 construction
 costs 

 (170.7 
 ) 

 (2,535.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 (2,706.4 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (2,706.4 
 ) 

 Decrease
 (increase) in restricted cash 

 (66.3 
 ) 

 19.0 

 -- 

 (47.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (47.3 
 ) 

 Cash
 used for business combinations 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 (35.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 (35.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (35.9 
 ) 

 Acquisition
 of intangible assets 

 (11.2 
 ) 

 (3.3 
 ) 

 -- 

 (14.5 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (14.5 
 ) 

 Investments
 in unconsolidated affiliates 

 (114.7 
 ) 

 (125.6 
 ) 

 3.5 

 (236.8 
 ) 

 (67.6 
 ) 

 67.6 

 (236.8 
 ) 

 Proceeds
 from asset sales and related transactions 

 0.1 

 169.0 

 -- 

 169.1 

 -- 

 -- 

 169.1 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) investing activities 

 (363.1 
 ) 

 (2,512.2 
 ) 

 3.5 

 (2,871.8 
 ) 

 (67.6 
 ) 

 67.6 

 (2,871.8 
 ) 

 Financing
 activities: 

 Borrowings
 under debt agreements 

 5,643.5 

 1,986.3 

 -- 

 7,629.8 

 -- 

 -- 

 7,629.8 

 Repayments
 of debt 

 (4,329.0 
 ) 

 (1,462.0 
 ) 

 (8.9 
 ) 

 (5,799.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (5,799.9 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to partners 

 (946.9 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (946.9 
 ) 

 (957.7 
 ) 

 946.9 

 (957.7 
 ) 

 Cash
 distributions paid to noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 -- 

 -- 

 (326.8 
 ) 

 Net
 cash proceeds from issuance of common units 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 -- 

 69.2 

 -- 

 69.2 

 Cash
 contributions from members 

 67.6 

 -- 

 -- 

 67.6 

 -- 

 (67.6 
 ) 

 -- 

 Cash
 contributions from noncontrolling interest 

 -- 

 306.9 

 -- 

 306.9 

 (2.2 
 ) 

 304.7 

 Other
 financing activities 

 31.7 

 (4.7 
 ) 

 -- 

 27.0 

 -- 

 -- 

 27.0 

 Cash
 provided by (used in) financing activities 

 466.9 

 499.7 

 (8.9 
 ) 

 957.7 

 (888.5 
 ) 

 877.1 

 946.3 

 Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

 -- 

 0.4 

 -- 

 0.4 

 -- 

 -- 

 0.4 

 Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

 5.6 

 29.7 

 (7.5 
 ) 

 27.8 

 (0.1 
 ) 

 0.4 

 28.1 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, January 1 

 5.6 

 24.3 

 (7.1 
 ) 

 22.8 

 0.3 

 (0.3 
 ) 

 22.8 

 Cash
 and cash equivalents, December 31 

 $ 
 11.2 

 $ 
 54.4 

 $ 
 (14.6 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 51.0 

 $ 
 0.2 

 $ 
 0.1 

 $ 
 51.3 

 F-93 

 Table of Contents 
 
 ENTERPRISE
PRODUCTS PARTNERS L.P. 
 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Note 23. Subsequent Event 
 
 Enterprise
Products Partners Issues $343.1 Million of Common Units 
 
 In
January 2010, we issued 10,925,000 common units (including an over-allotment of
1,425,000 common units) to the public at an offering price of $32.42 per
unit. We used the net cash proceeds of $343.1 million to temporarily
reduce borrowings outstanding under EPO';s Multi-Year Revolving Credit Facility,
which may be reborrowed to fund capital expenditures and other growth projects,
and for general partnership purposes. 

 F-94 

