 
 10-K
 1
 d286855d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

 Form 10-K 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 10-K

 &#120; 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 

 &#168; 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD
FROM TO COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-51609 
 Inland
American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Maryland 
 
 34-2019608 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

 2901 Butterfield Road, Oak Brook, Illinois 
 
 60523 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 630-218-8000 (Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area code) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Common stock, $0.001 par value per share (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes &#168; No &#120; Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#168; No &#120; Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#120; No &#168; Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes &#120; No &#168; 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#120; 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. (See definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Large accelerated filer 
 
 &#168; 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 &#168; 

 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 &#120; 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 &#168; 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes &#168; No &#120; There is no established market for the registrant&#146;s shares of common stock. The aggregate market value of the registrant&#146;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of
June 30, 2011 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second quarter) was approximately $6,698,005,345, based on the estimated per share value of $8.03, as established by the registrant on September 21,
2010. As of March 1, 2012, there were 873,737,630 shares of the registrant&#146;s common stock outstanding. 
 The registrant incorporates by reference portions of its Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be
filed no later than April 29, 2012, into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. 

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page 

 Part I 

 Item 1. 
 
 Business 

 01 

 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 06 

 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 28 

 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

 28 

 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 32 

 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 32 

 Part II 

 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

 33 

 Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

 36 

 Item 7. 
 
 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

 38 

 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 60 

 Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 62 

 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

 199 

 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 199 

 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

 199 

 Part III 

 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 200 

 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 200 

 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

 200 

 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 200 

 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

 200 

 Part IV 

 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 201 

 Signatures 

 202 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes references to certain trademarks. Courtyard by Marriott , Marriott , Marriott Suites , Residence
Inn by Marriott and SpringHill Suites by Marriott trademarks are the property of Marriott International, Inc. (&#147;Marriott&#148;) or one of its affiliates. Doubletree , Embassy Suites , Hampton Inn , Hilton Garden
Inn , Hilton Hotels and Homewood Suites by
Hilton trademarks are the property of Hilton Hotels Corporation (&#147;Hilton&#148;) or one or more of its
affiliates. Hyatt Place trademark is the property of Hyatt Corporation (&#147;Hyatt&#148;). Intercontinental
Hotels trademark is the property of IHG. Wyndham and Baymont Inn & Suites
 trademarks are the property of Wyndham Worldwide. Comfort Inn
 trademark is the property of Choice Hotels International. Fairmont Hotels and Resorts is a trademark. The
Aloft service name is the property of Starwood. For convenience, the applicable trademark or service mark symbol has been omitted but will be deemed to be included wherever the above-referenced terms are used. 
 -i-

 Table of Contents 

 PART I Item 1. Business General 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, was incorporated in October 2004. We have elected to be taxed, and currently qualify, as
a real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) for federal tax purposes. We acquire, own, operate and develop a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, including retail, multi-family, industrial, lodging, and office properties, located
in the United States. In addition, we own assets through joint ventures in which we do not own a controlling interest, as well as properties in development. We also invest in marketable securities and other assets. The following chart depicts the
allocation of each type of asset, as of December 31, 2011, based on undepreciated values. 

 As of December 31, 2011, 86% of our total portfolio was comprised of our &#147;core&#148; assets, which consisted
of 964 properties comprised of 49.3 million square feet of retail, office and industrial space, 9,563 multi-family units and 15,597 hotel rooms. We believe that a diversified portfolio balances our risk exposure compared to a portfolio with a
single asset class. We believe that a diversified portfolio like ours provides our stockholders with significant benefits, and reduces their risk relative to a portfolio concentrated on one property sector or properties located in one geographical
area or region. Because we believe that most real estate markets are cyclical in nature, we believe that our diversified investment strategy allows us to more effectively deploy capital into sectors and locations where the underlying investment
fundamentals are relatively strong and away from sectors where the fundamentals are relatively weak. Further, we believe that an investment strategy that combines real property investments with other real estate-related investments, like ours,
provides our stockholders with additional diversification benefits. The following chart depicts the allocation of our core assets for each segment, as of December 31, 2011, based on undepreciated assets within our property portfolio. 

 -1-

 Table of Contents 

 Objectives & Strategy We focus on maximizing stockholder value by utilizing the depth of our expertise to capitalize on opportunities in the real estate industry. We believe our capacity to identify and react to investment
opportunities is one of our biggest strengths. Our strategies for reaching this objective are: 

 &#149; 
 
 Maintaining a reliable and sustainable distribution rate 

 &#149; 
 
 Disposing of less strategic assets and deploying capital into quality assets in higher performing asset segments to further enhance the value of our
segments 

 &#149; 
 
 Positioning our capital structure to capture near-term acquisition opportunities through a conservative balance sheet and manageable debt maturities

 &#149; 
 
 Maximizing revenue from our existing properties by improving occupancy at market rents, controlling both operating and capital expenditures

 &#149; 
 
 Maximizing stockholder value through liquidity events on a segment by segment basis 
 2011 Highlights Distributions
 We have paid a monthly cash distribution to our stockholders which totaled $428.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2011, which
was equal to $0.50 per share for 2011. The distributions paid for the year ended December 31, 2011 were funded from cash flow from operations and distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 Investing Activities During 2011, we
continued to refine our asset portfolio. We acquired three upper upscale lodging properties consisting of 1,172 rooms for $166.5 million. In addition, we acquired seven high quality multi-tenant retail properties consisting of 1,673,701 square feet
for $282.8 million. As part of our strategy to realign our asset segments with higher performing assets, we sold 26 properties for a gross disposition price of $242.3 million, including fourteen retail properties, six midscale lodging properties,
four office properties, one industrial property, and one multi-family property. Financing Activities 
 We successfully refinanced our 2011 maturities of approximately $540 million and placed debt on new and existing properties. We were able to obtain
favorable rates while still maintaining a manageable debt maturity schedule for future years. As of December 31, 2011, we had mortgage debt of approximately $5.8 billion, of which $671 million matures in 2012. Subsequently, we have refinanced
or extended approximately $200 million. Our debt increased by $303.9 million from 2010 and have a weighted average interest rate of 5.2% per annum. Operating Results We saw significant net operating income increases in our same store
lodging and multi-family properties from the year ended December 31, 2010 to 2011, offset by a slight decrease in net operating income in our retail, office and industrial portfolios. In 2012, we expect similar operating results in our lodging
and multi-family portfolios due to the growth projected in these segments. We expect to maintain high occupancy in our retail, office, and industrial portfolios, which will result in consistent operating performance in the retail and industrial
segments and a slight decrease in our office performance. 
 -2-

 Table of Contents 

 The following table represents our same store net operating results for the years ended December 31, 2011
and 2010. 

 2011 Net operating income 

 2010 Net operating income 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Increase (decrease) 

 Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2011 

 Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2010 

 Retail 
 
 $ 
 220,592 

 $ 
 222,908 

 $ 
 (2,316 
 ) 

 -1.0 
 % 

 94 
 % 

 94 
 % 
 
 Lodging 

 158,567 

 143,161 

 15,406 

 10.8 
 % 

 71 
 % 

 70 
 % 
 
 Office 

 129,383 

 132,956 

 (3,573 
 ) 

 -2.7 
 % 

 92 
 % 

 94 
 % 
 
 Industrial 

 76,206 

 76,917 

 (711 
 ) 

 -0.9 
 % 

 92 
 % 

 92 
 % 
 
 Multi-Family 

 43,554 

 37,336 

 6,218 

 16.7 
 % 

 92 
 % 

 91 
 % 

 $ 
 628,302 

 $ 
 613,278 

 $ 
 15,024 

 2.4 
 % 

 Segment Data We have five business segments: Retail, Lodging, Office, Industrial, and Multi-family. We evaluate segment performance primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations of the segments
do not include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, or interest and other investment income from corporate investments. The non-segmented assets include our cash and cash equivalents, investment in
marketable securities, construction in progress, and investment in unconsolidated entities. Information related to our business segments including a measure of profits or loss and revenues from external customers for each of the last three fiscal
years and total assets for each of the last two fiscal years is set forth in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Significant Tenants For the year ended December 31, 2011, we generated more than 16%
of our rental revenue from two tenants, SunTrust Bank and AT&T, Inc. SunTrust Bank leases multiple properties throughout the United States, which collectively generated approximately 9% of our rental revenue for the year ended December 31,
2011. For the year ended December 31, 2011, approximately 7% of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. Tax Status We have elected to be taxed as a REIT, under Sections 856 through 860 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;) beginning with the tax year ended December 31, 2005. Because we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that is
distributed to stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we will be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. Even if we
qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, respectively, and to Federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 
 Competition The commercial real estate
market is highly competitive. We compete in all of our markets with other owners and operators of commercial properties. We compete based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates, security, suitability of the property&#146;s design
to tenants&#146; needs and the manner in which the property is operated and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect on a property&#146;s occupancy levels, rental rates and operating income.
 
 -3-

 Table of Contents 

 We compete with many third parties engaged in real estate investment activities including other REITs,
including other REITs sponsored by our sponsor, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, hedge funds,
governmental bodies and other entities. There are also other REITs with investment objectives similar to ours and others may be organized in the future. In addition, these same entities seek financing through the same channels that we do. Therefore,
we compete for funding in a market where funds for real estate investment may decrease, or grow less than the underlying demand. Employees
 As of December 31, 2011, we have 99 full-time individuals employed primarily by our multi-family subsidiaries. 
 Our executive officers do not receive any compensation from us for their services as such officers. Our executive officers are officers of one or more of
The Inland Group, Inc.&#146;s affiliated entities, including our business manager, and are compensated by these entities, in part, for their services rendered to us. For the purposes of reimbursement, our secretary is not considered an
&#147;executive officer.&#148; We have entered into a business management agreement with Inland American Business Manager & Advisor,
Inc. to serve as our business manager, with responsibility for overseeing and managing our day-to-day operations. We have also entered into property management agreements with each of our property managers. We pay fees to our business manager and
our property managers in consideration for the services they perform for us pursuant to these agreements. Conflicts of Interest
 Our governing documents require a majority of our directors to be independent. Further, any transactions between The Inland Group, Inc. or
its affiliates and us must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Environmental Matters 
 Compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws has not had a material adverse effect on our business, assets, or results of operations,
financial condition and ability to pay distributions, and we do not believe that our existing portfolio will require us to incur material expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen
environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on our properties. Seasonality 
 The lodging segment is seasonal in nature, reflecting higher revenue and operating income during the second and third quarters. This seasonality can be
expected to cause fluctuations in our net property operations for the lodging segment. None of our other segments are seasonal in nature. 
 Access to Company Information We
electronically file our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;). The public may read and copy any of
the reports that are filed with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800)-SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. We make available, free of charge, by responding to requests addressed to our customer relations group, the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all
 
 -4-

 Table of Contents 

amendments to those reports on our website, www.inland-american.com. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the
SEC. Certifications We have
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the principal executive officer and principal financial officer certifications required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which are attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 -5-

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The occurrence of any of the risks discussed below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Risks Related to Our Business 
 Recent disruptions in the financial markets and current economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to refinance or secure additional
debt financing at attractive terms and the values of our investments. The capital and credit markets have been extremely volatile
since the fall of 2008. In particular, the real estate debt markets have experienced volatility as a result of certain factors, including the tightening of underwriting standards by lenders and credit rating agencies, therefore making it more costly
to refinance our existing debt and to obtain new financing on attractive terms. If overall borrowing costs continue to increase, either by increases in the index rates or by increases in lender spreads, our operations may generate lower returns.
 In addition, the disruptions in the financial markets and recent economic conditions have negatively impacted commercial real estate
fundamentals, which could have, and in some cases have already had, various negative impacts on the value of our investments, including: 

 &#149; 
 
 a decrease in the values of our investments in commercial properties, below the amounts paid for such investments; or 

 &#149; 
 
 a decrease in revenues from our properties, due to lower occupancy and rental rates, which may make it more difficult for us to pay distributions or
meet our debt service obligations on debt financing. Our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon future acquisitions,
and we may not be successful in identifying and consummating these transactions . Our business strategy involves
realigning on assets through disposal of assets and acquisition of higher performing properties. We may not be successful in identifying suitable properties or other assets or in consummating these transactions on satisfactory terms, if at all.
 Further, we face significant competition for attractive investment opportunities from an indeterminate number of other real estate investors,
including investors with significant capital resources such as domestic and foreign corporations and financial institutions, publicly traded and privately held REITs, private institutional investment funds, investment banking firms, life insurance
companies and pension funds. As a result of competition, we may be unable to acquire additional properties as we desire or the purchase price may be significantly elevated. In light of current market conditions and depressed real estate values, property owners in many markets remain hesitant to sell their properties, resulting in fewer opportunities to acquire properties. Of
the limited number of desirable properties that we are seeing come to market, we are either facing significant competition to acquire stabilized properties, or having to accept lease-up risk associated with properties that have lower occupancy. As
market conditions and real estate values recover, more properties may become available for acquisition, but we can provide no assurances that these properties will meet our investment objectives or that we will be successful in acquiring these
properties. Although conditions in the credit markets have improved over the past year, the ability of buyers to utilize higher levels of leverage to finance property acquisitions has been, and remains, somewhat limited. If we are unable to acquire
sufficient debt financing at suitable rates or at all, we may be unable to acquire as many additional properties as we anticipate. Our
ongoing strategy involves the disposition of properties; however, we may be unable to sell a property on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. Another one of our strategies is to dispose of certain properties. We believe that in certain instances, it makes economic sense to sell properties in today&#146;s market, such as when we believe the
value of the leases in place at a 
 -6-

 Table of Contents 

property will significantly decline over the remaining lease term, when the property has limited or no equity with a near-term debt maturity, when a property has equity but the projected returns
do not justify further investment or when the equity in a property can be redeployed in the portfolio in order to achieve better returns or strategic goals. However, the general economic climate along with property specific issues, such as vacancies
and lease terminations, have negatively affected the value of certain of our properties and therefore reduced our ability to sell these properties on acceptable terms. Real estate investments often cannot be sold quickly. As a result of current
economic conditions, potential purchasers may be unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms, if at all, thereby delaying our ability to sell our properties. In addition, the capitalization rates at which properties may be sold could have risen
since our acquisition of the properties, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. Furthermore, properties that we have owned for a significant period of time or that we acquired in exchange for partnership interests in our operating
partnership may have a low tax basis. If we were to dispose of any of these properties in a taxable transaction, we may be required under provisions of the Code applicable to REITs to distribute a significant amount of the taxable gain, if any, to
our stockholders and this could, in turn, impact our cash flow. In some cases, tax protection agreements with third parties may prevent us from selling certain properties in a taxable transaction without incurring substantial costs. In addition,
purchase options and rights of first refusal held by tenants or partners in joint ventures may also limit our ability to sell certain properties. If we lose or are unable to obtain key personnel, our ability to implement our investment strategies could be delayed or hindered. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain of our executive officers and other key personnel of our business manager and property managers. If any of the key personnel
of our business manager or property managers were to cease their affiliation with our business manager or property managers, respectively, our operating results could suffer. Further, we do not separately maintain &#147;key person&#148; life
insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of death or disability of these persons. We believe our future success depends, in part, upon the ability of our business manager and property managers to hire and retain highly skilled
managerial, operational and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure you that our business manager or property managers will be successful in attracting and retaining skilled personnel. 
 If we internalize our management functions, your interest in us could be diluted and we may be unable to retain key personnel. 
 At some point in the future, we may consider internalizing the functions performed for us by our business manager or property managers. The method by
which we could internalize these functions could take many forms, and the method and cost of internalizing cannot be determined or estimated at this time. If we acquired our business manager or property managers as part of an internalization, the
amount and form of any consideration that we would pay in this type of transaction could take many forms. For example, we could acquire the business manager or property managers through a merger in which we issue shares of our common stock for all
of the outstanding common stock or assets of these entities. Issuing shares of our common stock would reduce the percentage of our outstanding shares owned by stockholders prior to any transaction. Issuing promissory notes could reduce our net
income, cash flow from operating activities and our ability to make distributions, particularly if internalizing these functions does not produce cost savings. Further, if we internalize our management functions, certain key employees may not become
our employees but may instead remain employees of our business manager and property managers, or their respective affiliates, especially if we internalize our management functions but do not acquire our business manager or property managers. See
 If we seek to internalize our management functions, other than by acquiring our business manager or property managers, we could incur greater costs and lose key personnel below. An inability to manage an internalization transaction could
effectively result in our incurring excess costs and suffering deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting. These deficiencies could cause us to incur additional costs, and our
management&#146;s attention could be diverted from most effectively managing our investments, which could result in us being sued and incurring litigation-associated costs in connection with the internalization transaction. 
 -7-

 Table of Contents 

 If we pursue the acquisition of our business manager or property managers, there is no assurance that
we will reach an agreement with these parties as to the terms of the transaction. Even if we pursue the acquisition of our business
manager and property managers, neither entity is obligated to enter into a transaction with us or to do so at any particular price. If we desire to internalize our management functions by acquiring our business manager and property managers, our
independent directors, as a whole, or a committee thereof, will have to negotiate the specific terms and conditions of any agreement or agreements to acquire these entities, including the actual purchase price. There is no assurance that we
will be able to enter into an agreement with the business manager and property managers on mutually acceptable terms. Accordingly, we would have to seek alternative courses of actions to internalize our management functions. 
 If we seek to internalize our management functions, other than by acquiring our business manager or property managers, we could incur greater costs
and lose key personnel. If our board deems an internalization to be in our best interests, it may decided that we should pursue an
internalization by hiring our own group of executives and other employees or entering into an agreement with a third party, such as a merger, instead of by acquiring our business manager and property managers. The costs that we would incur in this
case are uncertain and may be substantial. In addition, certain key personnel of the business manager and or property managers have employment agreements with those entities, which could restrict our ability to retain such personnel if we do
not acquire the business manager and or property managers. Further, we would lose the benefit of the experience of business manager and property managers. The failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce the amount of cash we have available to pay distributions and make additional investments. 
 We have deposited our cash and cash equivalents in several banking institutions in an attempt to minimize exposure to the failure or takeover of any one
of these entities. However, the Federal Insurance Deposit Corporation, or &#147;FDIC,&#148; generally only insures limited amounts per depositor per insured bank. At December 31, 2011, we had cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
deposited in interest bearing transaction accounts at certain financial institutions exceeding these federally insured levels. If any of the banking institutions in which we have deposited funds ultimately fails, we may lose our deposits over the
federally insured levels. The loss of our deposits could reduce the amount of cash we have available to distribute or invest. Risks
Related to our Real Estate Assets There are inherent risks with real estate investments. 
 Investments in real estate assets are subject to varying degrees of risk. For example, an investment in real estate cannot generally be quickly converted
to cash, limiting our ability to promptly vary our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions. Investments in real estate assets also are subject to adverse changes in general economic conditions which, for
example, reduce the demand for rental space. Among the factors that could impact our real estate assets and the value of an investment in us
are: 

 &#149; 
 
 local conditions such as an oversupply of space or reduced demand for real estate assets of the type that we own or seek to acquire, including, with
respect to our lodging facilities, quick changes in supply of and demand for rooms that are rented or leased on a day-to-day basis; 

 &#149; 
 
 inability to collect rent from tenants; 

 &#149; 
 
 vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms; 

 &#149; 
 
 inflation and other increases in operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities and real estate taxes; 

 &#149; 
 
 increases in energy costs or airline fares or terrorist incidents which impact the propensity of people to travel and therefore impact revenues from
our lodging facilities, although operating costs cannot be adjusted as quickly; 
 -8-

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 adverse changes in the federal, state or local laws and regulations applicable to us, including those affecting rents, zoning, prices of goods, fuel
and energy consumption, water and environmental restrictions; 

 &#149; 
 
 the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 

 &#149; 
 
 changing market demographics; 

 &#149; 
 
 an inability to acquire and finance, or refinance, properties on favorable terms, if at all; 

 &#149; 
 
 acts of God, such as earthquakes, floods or other uninsured losses; and 

 &#149; 
 
 changes or increases in interest rates and availability of financing. In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or
increased defaults under existing leases. We depend on tenants for our revenue, and accordingly, lease terminations and tenant defaults
could adversely affect the income produced by our properties. The success of our investments depends on the financial stability of our
tenants. The current economic conditions have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, one or more of our tenants. For example, business failures and downsizings have affected the tenants of our office and industrial properties, and
reduced consumer demand for retail products and services has affected the tenants of our retail properties. In addition, our retail shopping center properties typically are anchored by large, nationally recognized tenants, any of which may
experience a downturn in their business that may weaken significantly their financial condition. Further, mergers or consolidations among large retail establishments could result in the closure of existing stores or duplicate or geographically
overlapping store locations, which could include tenants at our retail properties. As a result of these factors, our tenants may delay lease
commencements, decline to extend or renew their leases upon expiration, fail to make rental payments when due, or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the termination of the tenants&#146; leases, the expiration of existing leases
without renewal, or the loss of rental income attributable to the terminated or expired leases. In the event of a tenant default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as a landlord and may incur substantial costs in
protecting our investment and re-leasing our property. Specifically, a bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or lease guarantor, or its
property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of bankruptcy. The bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due
balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. If, however, a lease is
rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general, unsecured claim for damages. An unsecured claim would only be paid to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of general,
unsecured claims. Restrictions under the bankruptcy laws further limit the amount of any other claims that we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of the remaining
rent during the term. Two of our tenants generated a significant portion of our revenue, and rental payment defaults by these
significant tenants could adversely affect our results of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2011, approximately 9% of
our rental revenue was generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Bank. Also, for the year ended December 31, 2011, approximately 7% of our rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. The
lease for one of the AT&T 
 -9-

 Table of Contents 

properties, with approximately 1.7 million square feet, expires in 2016. As a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if either SunTrust or AT&T were to
cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, we could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses until the defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 
 We may suffer adverse consequences due to the financial difficulties, bankruptcy or insolvency of our tenants. 
 Recent economic conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, our tenants to experience financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, insolvency, or
a general downturn in their business. The retail sector in particular has been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by weakness in the national, regional and local economies, the level of consumer spending and consumer confidence, the
adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the retail sector, the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets and increasing competition from discount retailers, outlet malls, internet
retailers and other online businesses. We cannot provide assurance that any tenant that files for bankruptcy protection will continue to pay us rent. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our tenants or a lease guarantor would bar efforts
by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from that tenant or lease guarantor, or its property, unless we receive an order permitting us to do so from the bankruptcy court. In addition, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of bankruptcy. The
bankruptcy of a tenant or lease guarantor could delay our efforts to collect past due balances under the relevant leases, and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is assumed by the tenant in bankruptcy, all pre-bankruptcy
balances due under the lease must be paid to us in full. If, however, a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we would have only a general, unsecured claim for damages. An unsecured claim would only be paid to the extent that funds are
available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of general, unsecured claims. Restrictions under the bankruptcy laws further limit the amount of any other claims that we can make if a lease is rejected. As a result, it is
likely that we would recover substantially less than the full value of the remaining rent during the term. Leases representing
approximately 5.4% of the rentable square feet of our retail, office, and industrial portfolio are scheduled to expire in 2012. We may be unable to renew leases or lease vacant space at favorable rates or at all. 
 As of December 31, 2011, leases representing approximately 5.4% of the 49,267,633 rentable square feet of our retail, office, and industrial
portfolio were scheduled to expire in 2012, and an additional 7.0% of the square footage of our retail, office, and industrial portfolio was available for lease. We may be unable to extend or renew any of these leases, or we may be able to lease
these spaces only at rental rates equal to or below existing rental rates. In addition, some of our tenants have leases that include early termination provisions that permit the lessee to terminate all or a portion of its lease with us after a
specified date or upon the occurrence of certain events with little or no liability to us. We may be required to offer substantial rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights or below-market renewal options to retain these tenants
or attract new ones. Portions of our properties may remain vacant for extended periods of time. Further, some of our leases currently provide tenants with options to renew the terms of their leases at rates that are less than the current market rate
or to terminate their leases prior to the expiration date thereof. If we are unable to obtain new rental rates that are on average comparable to our asking rents across our portfolio, then our ability to generate cash flow growth will be negatively
impacted. We may be required to make significant capital expenditures to improve our properties in order to retain and attract
tenants. We expect that, upon the expiration of leases at our properties, we may be required to make rent or other concessions to
tenants, accommodate requests for renovations, build-to-suit remodeling and other improvements or provide additional services to our tenants. As a result, we may have to pay for significant leasing costs or tenant improvements in order to retain
tenants whose leases are expiring and to attract new tenants in sufficient numbers. Additionally, we may need to raise capital to make such expenditures. If we are unable to do so or 
 -10-

 Table of Contents 

capital is otherwise unavailable, we may be unable to make the required expenditures. This could result in non-renewals by tenants upon expiration of their leases, which would result in declines
in revenues from operations. We face significant competition in the leasing market, which may decrease or prevent increases in the
occupancy and rental rates of our properties. We own properties located throughout the United States. We compete with numerous
developers, owners and operators of commercial properties, many of which own properties similar to, and in the same market areas as, our properties. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates
we currently charge our tenants, we may lose existing or potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge in order to attract new tenants and retain existing tenants when their leases expire. Also,
if our competitors develop additional properties in locations near our properties, there may be increased competition for creditworthy tenants, which may require us to make capital improvements to properties that we would not have otherwise made.
 Geographic concentration of our portfolio may make us particularly susceptible to adverse economic developments in the real estate
markets of those areas or natural disasters in those areas. Because our properties are concentrated in certain geographic areas, our
operating results are likely to be impacted by economic changes affecting the real estate markets in those areas. As of December 31, 2011, approximately, 4%, 5%, 7% and 12% of our base rental income of our consolidated portfolio, excluding our
lodging facilities, was generated by properties located in the Minneapolis, Dallas, Chicago and Houston metropolitan areas, respectively. 
 Additionally, at December 31, 2011, 34 of our lodging facilities, or approximately 36% of our lodging portfolio, were located in Washington D.C. and the
eight eastern seaboard states ranging from Connecticut to Florida, which includes 11 hotels in North Carolina. Additionally, 19 properties were located in Texas. Adverse events in these areas, such as recessions, hurricanes or other natural
disasters, could cause a loss of revenues from these hotels. Further, several of the hotels are located near the water and are exposed to more severe weather than hotels located inland. Elements such as salt water and humidity can increase or
accelerate wear on the hotels&#146; weatherproofing and mechanical, electrical and other systems, and cause mold issues. As a result, we may incur additional operating costs and expenditures for capital improvements at these hotels. Geographic
concentration also exposes us to risks of oversupply and competition in these markets. Significant increases in the supply of certain property types, including hotels, without corresponding increases in demand could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions. To qualify as a REIT, we must rely on third
parties to operate our hotels. To continue qualifying as a REIT, we may not, among other things, operate any hotel, or directly
participate in the decisions affecting the daily operations of any hotel. Thus, we have retained third party managers to operate our hotel properties. We do not have the authority to directly control any particular aspect of the daily operations of
any hotel, such as setting room rates. Thus, even if we believe our hotels are being operated in an inefficient or sub-optimal manner, we may not be able to require an immediate change to the method of operation. Our only alternative for changing
the operation of our hotels may be to replace the third party manager of one or more hotels in situations where the applicable management agreement permits us to terminate the existing manager. Certain of these agreements may not be terminated
without cause, which generally requires fraud, misrepresentation and other illegal acts. Even if we terminate or replace any manager, there is no assurance that we will be able to find another manager or that we will be able to enter into new
management agreements favorable to us. Any change of hotel management would cause a disruption in operations. 
 -11-

 Table of Contents 

 Conditions of franchise agreements could adversely affect us. 
 Our lodging properties are operated pursuant to agreements with nationally recognized franchisors including Marriott International, Inc., Hilton Hotels
Corporation, Intercontinental Hotels Group PLC, Hyatt Corporation, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation and Choice Hotels International. These agreements generally contain specific standards for, and restrictions and limitations on, the operation and
maintenance of a hotel in order to maintain uniformity within the franchisor&#146;s system. These standards are subject to change over time, in some cases at the discretion of the franchisor, and may restrict our ability to make improvements or
modifications to a hotel, causing us to incur significant costs, without the consent of the franchisor. Conversely, these standards may require us to make certain improvements or modifications to a hotel, even if we do not believe the capital
improvements are necessary or desirable or will result in an acceptable return on our investment. These agreements also permit the franchisor
to terminate the agreement in certain cases such as a failure to pay royalties and fees or to perform under covenants under the franchise agreement, bankruptcy, abandonment of the franchise, commission of a felony, assignment of the franchise
without the consent of the franchisor or failure to comply with applicable law or maintain applicable standards in the operation and condition of the relevant hotel. If a franchise license terminates due to our failure to comply with the terms and
conditions of the agreement, we may be liable to the franchisor for a termination payment. These payments vary. Also, these franchise agreements do not renew automatically. Actions of our joint venture partners could negatively impact our performance. As
of December 31, 2011 we had entered into joint venture agreements with 11 entities to fund the investment of office, industrial/distribution, retail, lodging, and mixed use properties. The carrying value of our investment in these joint
ventures, which we do not consolidate for financial reporting purposes, was $317 million. For the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded losses of $13 million and impairments net of gains of $106 million associated with these ventures.
 With respect to these investments, we are not in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership,
joint venture or other entity. Consequently, our joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present with other methods of investing in real estate. For example, our co-member, co-venturer or partner may have economic or business
interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals or may take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. We have experienced these events from time to time
with our current venture partners, which in some cases has resulted in litigation with these partners. There can be no assurance that an adverse outcome in any lawsuit will not have a material effect on our results of operations for any particular
period. In addition, any litigation increases our expenses and prevents our officers and directors from focusing their time and effort on other aspects of our business. Our relationships with our venture partners are contractual in nature. These
agreements may restrict our ability to sell our interest when we desire or on advantageous terms and, on the other hand, may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the agreements and, in each event, we may not continue to own or operate the
interests or assets underlying the relationship or may need to purchase these interests or assets at an above-market price to continue ownership. Current credit market disruptions and recent economic trends may increase the likelihood of a commercial developer defaulting on its obligations with respect to our development projects, including
projects where we have notes receivable, or becoming bankrupt or insolvent. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into,
projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development. Investing in properties under development, and in lodging facilities in particular, which typically must be renovated or otherwise improved on a regular basis, including
renovations and improvements required by existing franchise agreements, subjects us to uncertainties such as the ability to achieve desired zoning for 
 -12-

 Table of Contents 

development, environmental concerns of governmental entities or community groups, ability to control construction costs or to build in conformity with plans, specifications and timetables. The
current economic climate has continued to impact real estate developments as well. The current slow-down in consumer spending has negatively impacted the retail environment in particular, and is causing many retailers to reduce new leasing and
expansion plans. We believe that our retail developments will experience longer lease-up periods and that actual lease rates will be less than the leasing rates originally underwritten. In addition, recent economic conditions have caused an increase in developer failures. The developers of the projects in which we have invested are exposed to risks not only with respect to our projects,
but also other projects in which they are involved. A default by a developer in respect of one of our development project investments, or the bankruptcy, insolvency or other failure of a developer for one of these projects, may require that we
determine whether we want to assume the senior loan, fund monies beyond what we are contractually obligated to fund, take over development of the project, find another developer for the project, or sell our interest in the project. Developer
failures could give tenants the right to terminate pre-construction leases, delay efforts to complete or sell the development project and could ultimately preclude us from realizing our anticipated returns. These events could cause a decrease in the
value of our assets and compel us to seek additional sources of liquidity, which may or may not be available, in order to hold and complete the development project. Generally, under bankruptcy law and the bankruptcy guarantees we have required of certain of our joint venture development partners, we may seek recourse from the developer-guarantor to complete our
development project with a substitute developer partner. However, in the event of a bankruptcy by the developer-guarantor, we cannot provide assurance that the developer or its trustee will satisfy its obligations. The bankruptcy of any developer or
the failure of the developer to satisfy its obligations would likely cause us to have to complete the development or find a replacement developer on our own, which could result in delays and increased costs. We cannot provide assurance that we would
be able to complete the development on terms as favorable as when we first entered into the project. If we are not able to, or elect not to, proceed with a development opportunity, the development costs ordinarily would be charged against income for
the then-current period if we determine our costs are not recoverable. Sale leaseback transactions may be recharacterized in a manner
unfavorable to us. From time to time we have entered into a sale leaseback transaction where we purchase a property and then lease the
property to the seller. These transactions could, however, be characterized as a financing instead of a sale in the case of the seller&#146;s bankruptcy. In this case, we would not be treated as the owner of the property but rather as a creditor
with no interest in the property itself. The seller may have the ability in a bankruptcy proceeding to restructure the financing by imposing new terms and conditions. The transaction also may be recharacterized as a joint venture. In this case, we
would be treated as a joint venturer with liability, under some circumstances, for debts incurred by the seller relating to the property. 
 Our investments in equity and debt securities have materially impacted, and may in the future materially impact, our results. 
 As of December 31, 2011, we had investments valued at $289 million in real estate related equity and debt securities. Real estate related equity
securities are always unsecured and subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. Investments in real estate-related equity securities are subject to numerous risks including: (1) limited liquidity in the secondary trading market in the case
of unlisted or thinly traded securities; (2) substantial market price volatility resulting from, among other things, changes in prevailing interest rates in the overall market or related to a specific issuer, as well as changing investor
perceptions of the market as a whole, REIT or real estate securities in particular or the specific issuer in question; (3) subordination to the liabilities of the issuer; (4) the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient
to meet its debt service obligations or to pay distributions; and (5) with respect to investments in real estate-related preferred equity securities, the operation of mandatory sinking fund or call/redemption provisions during periods of
declining interest rates that could cause 
 -13-

 Table of Contents 

the issuer to redeem the securities. In addition, investments in real estate-related securities involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial
condition and business outlook of the issuer. Issuers of real estate-related securities generally invest in real estate or real estate-related assets and are subject to the inherent risks associated with real estate-related investments discussed
herein. In fact, many of the entities that we have invested in have reduced the dividends paid on their securities. The stock prices for some of these entities have declined since our initial purchase, and in certain cases we have sold these
investments at a loss. Any mortgage loans that we originate or purchase are subject to the risks of delinquency and foreclosure.
 We may originate and purchase mortgage loans. These loans are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure, and risks of loss. The
ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property depends primarily upon the successful operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income
of the property is reduced, the borrower&#146;s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. A property&#146;s net operating income can be affected by the any of the potential issues associated with real estate-related investments as discussed herein.
We bear the risks of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to
that borrower will be deemed to be collateralized only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the
avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process that could have a substantial negative effect on our
anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. We may also be forced to foreclose on certain properties, be unable to sell these properties and be forced to incur substantial expenses to improve operations at the property. 
 We may make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or entities sponsored by, our sponsor. 
 If we have excess working capital, we may, from time to time, and subject to the conditions in our articles, make a mortgage loan to affiliates of, or
entities sponsored by, our sponsor. These loan arrangements will not be negotiated at arm&#146;s length and may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arrangements with
a third-party borrower not affiliated with these entities. An increase in real estate taxes may decrease our income from properties.
 From time to time, the amount we pay for property taxes increases as either property values increase or assessment rates are adjusted.
Increases in a property&#146;s value or in the assessment rate result in an increase in the real estate taxes due on that property. If we are unable to pass the increase in taxes through to our tenants, our net operating income for the property
decreases. Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage may adversely affect a stockholder&#146;s returns. 
 We attempt to adequately insure all of our properties against casualty losses. There are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses
due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks
associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners to purchase specific coverage
against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our properties. In such instances, we may be required to
provide 
 -14-

 Table of Contents 

other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. If we incur any casualty losses not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets
will be reduced by the amount of the uninsured loss. In addition, other than any reserves we may establish, we have no designated source of funding to repair or reconstruct any uninsured damaged property. 
 Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which we operate, our operations and our profitability.
 We own estate assets located in areas that are susceptible to attack. These attacks may directly impact the value of our assets
through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could
sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. 
 More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including armed conflicts, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the
United States and worldwide financial markets and economy. Any terrorist incident may, for example, deter people from traveling, which could affect the ability of our hotels to generate operating income and therefore our ability to pay
distributions. Additionally, increased economic volatility could adversely affect our tenants&#146; ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to borrow money or issue capital stock at acceptable prices. 
 The cost of complying with environmental and other governmental laws and regulations may adversely affect us. 
 All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations (including those of foreign
jurisdictions) relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. These laws and regulations generally govern wastewater discharges, air emissions, the operation and removal of underground and above-ground storage tanks, the use,
storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of solid and hazardous materials, and the remediation of contamination associated with disposals. We also are required to comply with various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and
similar regulations. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on tenants or owners for the costs of investigating or remediating contaminated properties. These laws and regulations often impose liability whether or
not the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The cost of removing or remediating could be substantial. In addition, the presence of these substances, or the failure to properly remediate these
substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent a property or to use the property as collateral for borrowing. Environmental
laws and regulations also may impose restrictions on the manner in which properties may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures by us. Environmental laws and regulations provide for
sanctions in the event of noncompliance and may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, by private parties. Third parties may seek recovery from owners of real properties for personal injury or property damage associated
with exposure to released hazardous substances. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretations of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. For example, various federal, regional and state laws and
regulations have been implemented or are under consideration to mitigate the effects of climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions. Among other things, &#147;green&#148; building codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of
standards for design, construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency, and waste management. We are not aware of any such existing requirements that we believe will have a material impact on our current operations. However, future
requirements could increase the costs of maintaining or improving our existing properties or developing new properties. 
 -15-

 Table of Contents 

 Our properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health
effects and costs of remediating the problem. The presence of mold at any of our properties could require us to undertake a costly
program to remediate, contain or remove the mold. Mold growth may occur when moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing
because exposure to mold may cause a variety of adverse health effects and symptoms, including allergic or other reactions. The presence of mold could expose us to liability from our tenants, their employees and others if property damage or health
concerns arise. We may incur significant costs to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act. 
 Our properties generally are subject to the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended. Under this act, all places of public accommodation are
required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The act has separate compliance requirements for &#147;public accommodations&#148; and &#147;commercial facilities&#148; that generally require that
buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The act&#146;s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some
cases, an award of damages. Risks Associated with Debt Financing Borrowings may reduce the funds available for distribution and increase the risk of loss since defaults may cause us to lose the properties securing the loans. 
 We have acquired, and may continue to acquire, real estate assets by using either existing financing or borrowing new monies. Our articles generally limit
the total amount we may borrow to 300% of our net assets. In addition, we may obtain loans secured by some or all of our properties or other assets to fund additional acquisitions or operations including to satisfy the requirement that we distribute
at least 90% of our annual &#147;REIT taxable income&#148; (subject to certain adjustments) to our stockholders, or as is otherwise necessary or advisable to assure that we qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Payments required on any
amounts we borrow reduce the funds available for, among other things, distributions to our stockholders because cash otherwise available for distribution is required to pay principal and interest associated with amounts we borrow. 
 Defaults on loans secured by a property we own may result in us losing the property or properties securing the loan that is in default as a result of
foreclosure actions initiated by a lender. For tax purposes, a foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the property. If the outstanding balance of the debt
exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable gain on the foreclosure but would not receive any cash proceeds. We also may fully or partially guarantee any monies that subsidiaries borrow to purchase or operate real estate
assets. In these cases, we will be responsible to the lender for repaying the loans if the subsidiary is unable to do so. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, more than one property may be affected by a
default. Lenders may restrict certain aspects of our operations, which could, among other things, limit our ability to make
distributions. The terms and conditions contained in any of our loan documents may require us to maintain cash reserves; limit the
aggregate amount we may borrow on a secured and unsecured basis; require us to satisfy restrictive financial covenants; prevent us from entering into certain business transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination;
restrict our leasing operations; or require us to obtain consent from the lender to complete transactions or make investments that are ordinarily approved only by our board of directors. In addition, secured lenders typically restrict our ability to
discontinue insurance coverage on a mortgaged property even though we may believe that the insurance premiums paid to insure against certain losses, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or
environmental matters, are greater than the potential risk of loss. 
 -16-

 Table of Contents 

 Interest-only indebtedness may increase our risk of default. 
 We have obtained, and continue to incur interest related to, interest-only mortgage indebtedness. During the interest only period, the amount of each
scheduled payment is less than that of a traditional amortizing mortgage loan. The principal balance of the mortgage loan is not reduced (except in the case of prepayments) because there are no scheduled monthly payments of principal during this
period. After the interest-only period, we are required either to make scheduled payments of amortized principal and interest or to make a lump-sum or &#147;balloon&#148; payment at maturity. These required principal or balloon payments increase the
amount of our scheduled payments and may increase our risk of default under the related mortgage loan and reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments. As of
December 31, 2011, approximately $1.5 billion of our indebtedness bore interest at variable rates. Increases in interest rates in variable rate debt that has not otherwise been hedged through the use of swap agreements reduce the funds
available for other needs, including distribution to our stockholders. As fixed rate debt matures, we may not be able to secure low fixed rate financing. In addition, if rising interest rates cause us to need additional capital to repay
indebtedness, we may be forced to sell one or more of our properties or investments in real estate at times which may not permit us to realize the return on the investments we would have otherwise realized. 
 To hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we use derivative financial instruments, which may be costly and ineffective. 
 From time to time, we use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates on certain loans secured by our assets. Our
derivative instruments currently consist of interest rate swap contracts but may, in the future, include, interest rate cap or floor contracts, futures or forward contracts, options or repurchase agreements. Our actual hedging decisions are
determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge. There is no assurance that our hedging strategy will achieve our objectives. We may be subject to costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we
terminate these arrangements. To the extent that we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we are
exposed to credit risk, basis risk and legal enforceability risks. In this context, credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. Basis risk occurs when the index upon which the contract is
based is more or less variable than the index upon which the hedged asset or liability is based, thereby making the hedge less effective. Finally, legal enforceability risks encompass general contractual risks including the risk that the
counterparty will breach the terms of, or fail to perform its obligations under, the derivative contract. A counterparty could fail, shut down, file for bankruptcy or be unable to pay out contracts. The business failure of a hedging counterparty
with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our resale commitments, if any,
at the then current market price. Although generally we will seek to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty,
and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract to cover our risk. We cannot provide assurance that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until
exercise or expiration, which could result in losses. Further, the REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks
inherent to our operations. We may be unable to manage these risks effectively. 
 -17-

 Table of Contents 

 We may be contractually obligated to purchase property even if we are unable to secure financing for
the acquisition. We typically finance a portion of the purchase price for each property that we acquire. However, to ensure that our
offers are as competitive as possible, we generally do not enter into contracts to purchase property that include financing contingencies. Thus, we may be contractually obligated to purchase a property even if we are unable to secure financing for
the acquisition. In this event, we may choose to close on the property by using cash on hand, which would result in less cash available for our operations and distributions to stockholders. Alternatively, we may choose not to close on the
acquisition of the property and default on the purchase contract. If we default on any purchase contract, we could lose our earnest money and become subject to liquidated or other contractual damages and remedies. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 There is no public market for our shares, and you may not be able to sell your shares, including through our share repurchase program.
 There is no public market for our shares and no assurance that one may develop. Our charter does not require our directors to seek
stockholder approval to liquidate our assets by a specified date, nor does our charter require our directors to list our shares for trading by a specified date. Further, our amended and restated share repurchase program permits us to repurchase
shares only from a beneficiary of a stockholder that has died or from stockholders that have a qualifying disability or that are confined to a long-term care facility. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying cash distributions or that distributions will increase over time. We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many factors that can affect the availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders such
as our ability to earn positive yields on our real estate assets, the yields on securities of other entities in which we invest, our operating expense levels, as well as many other variables. Actual cash available for distributions may vary
substantially from estimates. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not decrease, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying
distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash
requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. Funding
distributions from sources other than cash flow from operating activities may negatively impact our ability to sustain or pay distributions and will result in us having less cash available for other uses. 
 If our cash flow from operating activities is not sufficient to fully fund the payment of distributions, the level of our distributions may not be
sustainable and some or all of our distributions will be paid from other sources. For example, from time to time, our business manager has determined, in its sole discretion, to either forgo or defer a portion of the business management fee, which
has had the effect of increasing cash flow from operations for the relevant period because we have not had to use that cash to pay any fee or reimbursement which was foregone or deferred during the relevant period. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, we paid a business management fee of $40 million, or approximately 0.35% of our average invested assets on an annual basis, as well as an investment advisory fee of approximately $1.6 million, together which are less than the
full 1% fee that the business manager could be paid. However, there is no assurance that our business manager will forgo or defer any portion of its business management fee in the future. Further, we would need to use cash at some point in the
future to pay any fee or reimbursement that is deferred. We also may use cash from financing activities, components of which may include borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets), as well as proceeds from the sales of our properties,
to fund distributions. To the extent distributions are paid from financing activities, we will have less money available for other uses, such as cash needed to refinance existing indebtedness. 
 -18-

 Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest There are conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our sponsor that may affect our acquisition of properties and financial performance. 
 During the ten years ended December 31, 2011, our sponsor and Inland Private Capital Corporation (&#147;IPCC&#148;) had sponsored, in the aggregate,
three other REITs and 107 real estate exchange private placement limited partnerships and limited liability companies. Two of the REITs, Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Monthly Income Trust, Inc., are, or in the case of Inland
Monthly Income Trust will be, managed by affiliates of our business manager. Two other REITs, Inland Real Estate Corporation and Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., are self-managed, but our sponsor and its affiliates continue to hold a
significant investment in these entities. We may be seeking to buy real estate assets at the same time as certain of these other programs. Further, certain programs sponsored by our sponsor or IPCC own and manage the type of properties that we own,
and in the same geographical areas in which we own them. Therefore, our properties may compete for tenants with other properties owned and managed by these other programs. Persons performing services for our property managers may face conflicts of
interest when evaluating tenant leasing opportunities for our properties and other properties owned and managed by these programs, and these conflicts of interest may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain tenants. 
 Our sponsor may face a conflict of interest in allocating personnel and resources between its affiliates, our business manager and our property
managers. We rely, to a great extent, on persons performing services for our business manager and property managers and their
affiliates to manage our day-to-day operations. Some of these persons also provide services to one or more investment programs previously sponsored by our sponsor. These individuals face competing demands for their time and service and may have
conflicts in allocating their time between our business and assets and the business and assets of our sponsor, its affiliates and the other programs formed and organized by our sponsor. In addition, if another investment program sponsored by our
sponsor decides to internalize its management functions in the future, it may do so by hiring and retaining certain of the persons currently performing services for our business manager and property managers, and if it did so, would likely not allow
these persons to perform services for us. We do not have arm&#146;s-length agreements with our business manager, our property managers
or any other affiliates of our sponsor. None of the agreements and arrangements with our business manager, our property managers or
any other affiliates of our sponsor was negotiated at arm&#146;s-length. These agreements may contain terms and conditions that are not in our best interest and would not otherwise be applicable if we entered into arm&#146;s length agreements with
third parties. Our business manager and its affiliates face conflicts of interest caused by their compensation arrangements with us,
which could result in actions that are not in the long-term best interests of our stockholders. We pay significant fees to our
business manager, property managers and other affiliates of our sponsor for services provided to us. Most significantly, our business manager receives fees based on the aggregate book value, including acquired intangibles, of our invested assets.
Further, our property managers receive fees based on the gross income from properties under management. Other parties related to, or affiliated with, our business manager or property managers may also receive fees or cost reimbursements from us.
These compensation arrangements may cause these entities to take or not take certain actions. For example, these arrangements may provide an incentive for our Business Manager to borrow more money than prudent to increase the amount we can invest.
Ultimately, the interests of these parties in receiving fees may conflict with the interest of our stockholders in earning income on their investment in our common stock. 
 -19-

 Table of Contents 

 We rely on entities affiliated with our sponsor to identify real estate assets. 
 We rely on Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (&#147;IREA&#148;) and other affiliates of our sponsor to identify suitable investment opportunities for
us. Other public or private programs sponsored by our sponsor or IPCC also rely on these entities to identify potential investments. These entities have, in some cases, rights of first refusal or other pre-emptive rights to the properties that IREA
identifies. Our right to acquire properties identified by IREA is subject to the exercise of any prior rights vested in these entities. We may not, therefore, be presented with opportunities to acquire properties that we otherwise would be
interested in acquiring. Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure Stockholders have limited control over changes in our policies and operations. Our
board of directors determines our major policies, including those regarding investment policies and strategies, financing, debt capitalization, REIT qualification and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise certain of these
and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Stockholders&#146; interest in us will be diluted if we issue additional shares.
 Stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Our articles authorize us to issue up to 1.5
billion shares of capital stock, of which 1.46 billion shares are designated as common stock and 40 million are designated as preferred stock. Future issuances of common stock, including issuances through our distribution reinvestment plan
(&#147;DRP&#148;), will reduce the percentage of our shares owned by our current stockholders who do not participate in future stock issuances. Stockholders generally will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional shares. In
addition, depending on the terms and pricing of an additional offering of our shares and the value of our properties, our stockholders may experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their shares. Further, our board could authorize
the issuance of stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our current common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control in us, including an extraordinary transaction
(such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for our stockholders. 
 Stockholders&#146; returns may be reduced if we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
 We are not registered, and do not intend to register our company or any of our subsidiaries, as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the &#147;Investment Company Act&#148;). If we become obligated to register our company or any of our subsidiaries as an investment company, the registered entity would have to comply with a variety of
substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act imposing, among other things: 

 &#149; 
 
 limitations on capital structure; 

 &#149; 
 
 restrictions on specified investments; 

 &#149; 
 
 prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and 

 &#149; 
 
 compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly change our operations.
 We intend to continue conducting our operations, directly and through wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries, so that we and
each of our subsidiaries continue to be exempt from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is not deemed to be an &#147;investment company&#148;
if it neither is, nor holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, nor proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of
 
 -20-

 Table of Contents 

the Investment Company Act, a company is not deemed to be an &#147;investment company&#148; if it neither is engaged, nor proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning,
holding or trading in securities and does not own or propose to acquire &#147;investment securities&#148; having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets on an unconsolidated basis, which we refer to as the &#147;40% test.&#148;
 We believe that we and most, if not all, of our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries are not considered investment companies under either
Section 3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. In the event that the company or any of its wholly or majority-owned subsidiaries would ever inadvertently fall within one of the definitions of &#147;investment
company,&#148; we intend to rely on the exception provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. Under
Section 3(c)(5)(C), the SEC staff generally requires us to maintain at least 55% of our assets directly in qualifying assets to qualify for this exception. Mortgage-backed securities may or may not constitute qualifying assets, depending on the
characteristics of the mortgage-backed securities, including the rights that we have with respect to the underlying loans. Our ownership of mortgage-backed securities, therefore, is limited by provisions of the Investment Company Act and SEC staff
interpretations. The method we use to classify our assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act is based in large measure upon no-action
positions taken by the SEC staff in the past. These no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were
issued more than ten years ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC staff will concur with our classification of our assets. In addition, the SEC staff may, in the future, issue further guidance that may require us to re-classify our assets for
purposes of qualifying for exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. If we are required to re-classify our assets, we may no longer be in compliance with the exclusion from the definition of an &#147;investment company&#148;
provided by Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment Company Act. A change in the value of any of our assets could cause us to fall within
the definition of &#147;investment company&#148; and negatively affect our ability to maintain our exemption from regulation under the Investment Company Act. To avoid being required to register our company or any of our subsidiaries as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may need to sell assets we would otherwise wish to retain. In addition, we may have to acquire additional income- or
loss-generating assets that we might not otherwise have acquired or may have to forgo opportunities to acquire interests in companies that we would otherwise want to acquire and would be important to our investment strategy. 
 If we were required to register the company as an investment company but failed to do so, we would be prohibited from engaging in our business, and
criminal and civil actions could be brought against us. In addition, our contracts would be unenforceable unless a court required enforcement, and a court could appoint a receiver to take control of us and liquidate our business. 
 Maryland law and our organizational documents limit a stockholder&#146;s right to bring claims against our officers and directors.
 Subject to the limitations set forth in our articles, a director will not have any liability for monetary damages under Maryland law
so long as he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interest, and with the care that an ordinary prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In
addition, our articles, in the case of our directors, officers, employees and agents, and the business management agreement and the property management agreements, in the case of our business manager and property managers, respectively, require us
to indemnify these persons for actions taken by them in good faith and without negligence or misconduct, or, in the case of our independent directors, actions taken in good faith without gross negligence or willful misconduct. As a result, we and
our stockholders may 
 -21-

 Table of Contents 

have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases.
 Our board of directors may, in the future, adopt certain measures under Maryland law without stockholder approval that may have the
effect of making it less likely that stockholders would receive a &#147;control premium&#148; for their shares. Corporations organized
under Maryland law are permitted to protect themselves from unsolicited proposals or offers to acquire the company. Although we are not subject to these provisions, our stockholders could approve an amendment to our articles eliminating this
restriction. If we do become subject to these provisions, our board of directors would have the power under Maryland law to, among other things, amend our articles without stockholder approval to: 

 &#149; 
 
 stagger our board of directors into three classes; 

 &#149; 
 
 require a two-thirds vote of stockholders to remove directors; 

 &#149; 
 
 empower only remaining directors to fill any vacancies on the board; 

 &#149; 
 
 provide that only the board can fix the size of the board; 

 &#149; 
 
 provide that all vacancies on the board, regardless of how the vacancy was created, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
remaining directors in office; and 

 &#149; 
 
 require that special stockholders meetings be called only by holders of a majority of the voting shares entitled to be cast at the meeting.
 These provisions may discourage an extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or
substantially all of our assets, all of which might provide a premium price for a stockholder&#146;s shares. Further, under the Maryland
Business Combination Act, we may not engage in any merger or other business combination with an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; or any affiliate of that interested stockholder for a period of five years after the most recent purchase of stock by
the interested stockholder. After the five-year period ends, any merger or other business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

 &#149; 
 
 80% of all votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock; and 

 &#149; 
 
 two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of our voting stock other than those shares owned or held by the
interested stockholder unless, among other things, our stockholders receive a minimum payment for their common stock equal to the highest price paid by the interested stockholder for its common stock. 
 Our articles exempt any business combination involving us and The Inland Group or any affiliate of The Inland Group, including our business manager and
property managers, from the provisions of this law. Our articles place limits on the amount of common stock that any person may own
without the prior approval of our board of directors. To qualify as a REIT, no more than 50% of the outstanding shares of our common
stock may be beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year. Our articles prohibit any persons or groups from owning more than 9.8% of our common stock without the prior
approval of our board of directors. These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our
assets that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock. Further, any person or group attempting to purchase shares exceeding these limits could be compelled to sell the additional shares and, as a result, to forfeit the benefits
of owning the additional shares. 
 -22-

 Table of Contents 

 Our articles permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms that may subordinate the
rights of the holders of our current common stock or discourage a third party from acquiring us. Our board of directors is permitted,
subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, to issue up to forty million shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Further, subject to certain restrictions set forth in our articles, our board may classify or reclassify
any unissued preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversions or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms or conditions of redemption of any preferred stock.
Thus, our board of directors could authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could subordinate the rights of the holders of our common stock or have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in
control of us, including an extraordinary transaction such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets, that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 
 Maryland law limits, in some cases, the ability of a third party to vote shares acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition.&#148;
 Under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act, persons or entities owning &#147;control shares&#148; of a Maryland corporation
acquired in a &#147;control share acquisition&#148; have no voting rights with respect to those shares except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the corporation&#146;s disinterested stockholders. Shares of stock owned by the acquirer
or by officers or directors who are employees of the corporation, are not considered disinterested for these purposes. &#147;Control shares&#148; are shares of stock that, taken together with all other shares of stock the acquirer previously
acquired, would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

 &#149; 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third of all voting power; 

 &#149; 
 
 one-third or more but less than a majority of all voting power; or 

 &#149; 
 
 a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares of stock the acquiring person is entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A &#147;control share acquisition&#148; means the
acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. The Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply to (1) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or
(2) acquisitions approved or exempted by our articles or bylaws. Our articles exempt transactions between us and The Inland Group and its affiliates, including our business manager and property managers, from the limits imposed by the Control
Share Acquisition Act. This statute could have the effect of discouraging offers from third parties to acquire us and increase the difficulty of successfully completing this type of offer by anyone other than The Inland Group and its affiliates.
 Federal Income Tax Risks 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will have less cash to distribute to our stockholders. 
 Our qualification as a REIT depends on our ability to meet requirements regarding our organization and ownership, distributions of our income, the nature
and diversification of our income and assets as well as other tests imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;). We cannot assure you that our actual operations for any one taxable year will satisfy these
requirements. Further, new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly affect our ability to qualify as a REIT and/or the federal income tax consequences of our qualification as a REIT. If we were
to fail to qualify as a REIT and did not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions: 

 &#149; 
 
 we would not be allowed to deduct distributions paid to stockholders when computing our taxable income; 
 -23-

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 we would be subject to federal, state and local income tax (including any applicable alternative minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular
corporate rates; 

 &#149; 
 
 we would be disqualified from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we failed to qualify, unless qualify for
certain statutory relief provisions; 

 &#149; 
 
 we would have less cash to pay distributions to stockholders; and 

 &#149; 
 
 we may be required to borrow additional funds or sell some of our assets in order to pay the corporate tax obligations we may incur as a result of
being disqualified. In addition, if we were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not be required to pay distributions to
stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders that we did pay would be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that, under current law, which is subject to
change, our U.S. stockholders who are taxed at individual rates would be taxed on our dividends at long-term capital gains rates through 2012 and that our corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with
respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Code. To maintain REIT status, we may be forced
to borrow funds or dispose of assets during unfavorable market conditions to make distributions to our stockholders, which could increase our operating costs and decrease the value of an investment in our company. 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must distribute 90% of our REIT taxable income (which is determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital
gain) to our stockholders each year. At times, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy these distribution requirements and may need to borrow funds or dispose of assets to make these distributions and maintain our REIT status and avoid the
payment of income and excise taxes. Our inability to satisfy the distribution requirements with operating cash flow could result from (1) differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income tax
purposes; (2) the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures; (3) the creation of reserves; or (4) required debt amortization payments. We may need to borrow funds at times when market conditions are unfavorable. Further, if we are
unable to borrow funds when needed for this purpose, we would have to fund alternative sources of funding or risk losing our status as a REIT. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flows. 
 Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets. For example: 

 &#149; 
 
 We will be subject to tax on any undistributed income. We will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which
distributions we pay in any calendar year plus amounts retained for which federal income tax was paid are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years.

 &#149; 
 
 If we have net income from the sale of foreclosure property that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other
non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we must pay a tax on that income at the highest corporate income tax rate. 

 &#149; 
 
 If we sell a property, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, our gain would
be subject to the 100% &#147;prohibited transactions&#148; tax. 

 &#149; 
 
 Our taxable REIT subsidiaries are subject to regular corporate federal, state and local taxes. 

 &#149; 
 
 We will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on transactions with a taxable REIT subsidiary that are not conducted on an arm&#146;s-length basis.
 Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distributions to our stockholders. 
 -24-

 Table of Contents 

 The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our properties.
 A REIT&#146;s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other
dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transactions tax equal to 100% of net gain upon a disposition of a property.
Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, we cannot assure you that we can comply with the safe harbor or that we will avoid owning property that may be characterized
as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our properties or may conduct such sales through a taxable REIT subsidiary, which would be subject to federal,
state and local income taxation. We may fail to qualify as a REIT if the Internal Revenue Service (the &#147;IRS&#148;) successfully
challenges the valuation of our common stock used for purposes of our DRP. In order to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, the
dividends we pay must not be &#147;preferential.&#148; A dividend determined to be preferential will not qualify for the dividends paid deduction. To avoid paying preferential dividends, we must treat every stockholder of a class of stock with
respect to which we make a distribution the same as every other stockholder of that class, and we must not treat any class of stock other than according to its dividend rights as a class. For example, if certain stockholders receive a distribution
that is more or less than the distributions received by other stockholders of the same class, the distribution will be preferential. If any part of a distribution is preferential, none of that distribution will be applied towards satisfying our REIT
distribution requirements. Stockholders participating in our DRP receive distributions in the form of shares of our common stock rather than
in cash. Currently, the purchase price per share under our DRP is equal to 100% of the &#147;market price&#148; of a share of our common stock. Because our common stock is not yet listed for trading, for these purposes, &#147;market price&#148;
means the fair market value of a share of our common stock, as estimated by us. In the past, our DRP has offered participants the opportunity to acquire newly-issued shares of our common stock at a discount to the &#147;market price.&#148; Pursuant
to an IRS ruling, the prohibition on preferential dividends does not prohibit a REIT from offering shares under a distribution reinvestment plan at discounts of up to 5% of fair market value, but a discount in excess of 5% of the fair market value
of the shares would be considered a preferential dividend. Any discount we have offered in the past was intended to fall within the safe harbor for such discounts set forth in the ruling published by the IRS. However, the fair market value of our
common stock has not been susceptible to a definitive determination. If the purchase price under our DRP is deemed to have been at more than a 5% discount at any time, we would be treated as having paid one or more preferential dividends. Similarly,
we would be treated as having paid one or more preferential dividends if the IRS successfully asserted that the value of the common stock distributions paid to stockholders participating in our DRP exceeded on a per-share basis the cash distribution
paid to our other stockholders, which could occur if the IRS successfully asserted that the fair market value of our common stock exceeded the &#147;market value&#148; used for purposes of calculating the distributions under our DRP. If we are
determined to have paid preferential dividends as a result of our DRP, we would likely fail to qualify as a REIT. Complying with the
REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To maintain qualification as a REIT, we must ensure that
at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets, including shares of stock in other REITs, certain mortgage loans and mortgage-backed
securities. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than governmental securities, qualified real estate assets and securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries) generally cannot include more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of
any one issuer or more than 10% of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5% of the value of our assets (other than government securities, qualified real estate assets and securities of
taxable REIT subsidiaries) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 25% of 
 -25-

 Table of Contents 

the value of our total securities can be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we
must correct the failure within thirty days after the end of the calendar quarter to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments in order to
maintain our REIT status. If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would fail to qualify as a
REIT. To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests, pursuant to which specified percentages of our gross income must
be passive income such as rent. For the rent to we receive under our lease to be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and must not be treated
as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. There are no controlling Treasury regulations, published rulings or judicial decisions involving leases with terms substantially the same as our hotel leases that discuss
whether such leases constitute true leases for federal income tax purposes. We believe that all of our leases, including our hotel leases, will be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes. There can be no assurance, however, that the
IRS will agree with this characterization. If a significant portion of our leases were not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we would not be able to satisfy either of the two gross income tests and each would likely lose its
REIT status. If MB REIT failed to qualify as a REIT, we would like fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 We own 100% of the common stock of MB REIT, which owns a significant portion of our properties and has elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income
tax purposes. MB REIT is subject to the various REIT qualification requirements and other limitations that apply to us. We believe that MB REIT has operated and will continue to operate in a manner to permit it to qualify for taxation as a REIT for
federal income tax purposes. However, if MB REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (1) MB REIT would become subject to regular corporation income tax and (2) our ownership of shares MB REIT would cease to be a qualifying real estate
asset for purposes of the 75% asset test applicable to REITs and would become subject to the 5% asset test, the 10% vote test, and the 10% value test generally applicable to our ownership in corporations other than REITs, qualified REIT subsidiaries
and taxable REIT subsidiaries. If MB REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, we would not satisfy the 5% asset test, the 10% value test, or the 10% vote test, in which event we would fail to qualify as a REIT unless we qualified for certain
statutory relief provisions. If our hotel managers do not qualify as &#147;eligible independent contractors,&#148; we would fail to
qualify as a REIT. Rent paid by a lessee that is a &#147;related party tenant&#148; of ours will not be qualifying income for purposes
of the two gross income tests applicable to REITs. We lease our hotels to our certain of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. A taxable REIT subsidiary will not be treated as a &#147;related party tenant,&#148; and will not be treated as directly
operating a lodging facility, which is prohibited, to the extent that hotels that our taxable REIT subsidiaries lease are managed by an &#147;eligible independent contractor.&#148; We believe that the rent paid by our taxable REIT subsidiaries that lease our hotels is qualifying income for purposes of the REIT gross income tests and that our taxable REIT subsidiaries qualify to be
treated as &#147;taxable REIT subsidiaries&#148; for federal income tax purposes, but there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge this treatment or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS successfully challenged
this treatment, we would likely fail to satisfy the asset tests applicable to REITs and a significant portion of our income would fail to qualify for the gross income tests. If we failed to satisfy either the asset or gross income tests, we would
likely lose our REIT qualification for federal income tax purposes, unless we qualified for certain statutory relief provisions. 
 -26-

 Table of Contents 

 If our hotel managers do not qualify as &#147;eligible independent contractors,&#148; we may fail to qualify
as a REIT. Each of the hotel management companies that enters into a management contract with our taxable REIT subsidiaries that lease our hotels must qualify as an &#147;eligible independent contractor&#148; under the REIT rules in order for the
rent paid to us by taxable REIT subsidiaries to be qualifying income for gross income tests. Among other requirements, in order to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, (1) a manager must be actively engaged in the trade or business of
operating hotels for third parties at the time the manger enters into a management contract with a taxable REIT subsidiary lessee and (2) the manager must not own more than 35% of our outstanding shares (by value) and no person or group of
persons can own more than 35% of our outstanding shares and the ownership interests of the manager. Although we believe that all of our hotel managers qualify as eligible independent contractors, no complete assurance can be provided that the IRS
will not successfully challenge that position. Complying with REIT requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively.
 The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge the risks inherent to our operations. Under current law, any income
that we generate from derivatives or other transactions intended to hedge our interest rate risk with respect to borrowings made to acquire or carry real estate assets generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the two gross income
tests applicable to REITs, so long as we clearly identify any such transactions as hedges for tax purposes before the close of the day on which they are acquired or entered into and we satisfy other identification requirements. In addition, any
income from other hedging transactions would generally not constitute gross income for purposes of both the gross income tests. Accordingly, we may have to limit the use of hedging techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result
in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes than we would otherwise incur. Legislative or regulatory action could
adversely affect you. Changes to the tax laws are likely to occur, and these changes may adversely affect the taxation of our
stockholders. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in our shares or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative,
regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our shares. The maximum tax rate on
qualified dividends paid by corporations to stockholders taxed at individual rates is 15% through 2012. REIT dividends, however, generally do not constitute qualified dividends and consequently are not eligible for favorable capital gains tax rates.
Therefore, our stockholders will pay federal income tax on our dividends (other than capital gains dividends, dividends designated as qualified dividends (generally, qualified dividend income received by us from a taxable REIT subsidiary or other
corporate investment or previously taxable to us in a prior year as undistributed income) or distributions which represent a return of capital or in excess of tax basis for tax purposes) at the applicable &#147;ordinary income&#148; rate, the
maximum of which is 35% through 2012. However, as a REIT, we generally would not be subject to federal or state corporate income taxes on that portion of our ordinary income or capital gain that we distribute currently to our stockholders, and we
thus expect to avoid the &#147;double taxation&#148; to which other corporations are typically subject. Future legislation might result in a
REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be taxed, for federal income tax purposes, as a corporation. As a result, our charter provides our board of directors with
the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and
could only cause changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in the best interest of our stockholders. 
 -27-

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties We own interests in retail, office, industrial, multi-family and lodging properties. As of December 31, 2011, we, directly or indirectly, including through joint ventures in which we have a
controlling interest, owned an interest in 869 properties, excluding our lodging and development properties, located in 35 states and the District of Columbia. In addition, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Inland American Winston Hotels,
Inc., Inland American Orchard Hotels, Inc., Inland American Urban Hotels, Inc., and Inland American Lodging Corporation, own 95 lodging properties in 26 states and the District of Columbia. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands, except for revenue per
available room, average daily rate and average rent per square foot). General The following table sets forth information regarding the 10 individual tenants in descending order based on base rent paid in 2011 but excluding our lodging, multi-family, and development properties.
(Dollar amounts stated in thousands.) 

 Tenant Name 
 
 Type 
 
 2011 Base Rental Income ($) 

 % of Total Portfolio Income 

 Square Footage 

 % of Total Portfolio Square Footage 

 SunTrust Bank 
 
 Retail/Office 

 55,408 

 8.60 
 % 

 2,269,901 

 4.30 
 % 
 
 AT&T, Inc. 
 
 Office 

 44,310 

 6.88 
 % 

 3,407,651 

 6.46 
 % 
 
 Citizens Banks 
 
 Retail 

 19,996 

 3.11 
 % 

 986,378 

 1.87 
 % 
 
 Sanofi-Aventis 
 
 Office 

 16,408 

 2.55 
 % 

 736,572 

 1.40 
 % 
 
 United Healthcare Services 
 
 Office 

 16,238 

 2.52 
 % 

 1,210,670 

 2.29 
 % 
 
 C&S Wholesalers 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

 15,119 

 2.35 
 % 

 3,031,295 

 5.75 
 % 
 
 Atlas Cold Storage 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

 13,201 

 2.05 
 % 

 1,896,815 

 3.60 
 % 
 
 Stop N Shop 
 
 Retail 

 10,228 

 1.59 
 % 

 601,652 

 1.14 
 % 
 
 Cornell Corrections 
 
 Industrial/Distribution 

 10,024 

 1.56 
 % 

 301,029 

 0.57 
 % 
 
 Lockheed Martin Corporation 
 
 Office 

 8,589 

 1.33 
 % 

 342,516 

 0.65 
 % 
 The following sections set forth certain summary information about the character of the properties that we owned at
December 31, 2011. Certain of the Company&#146;s properties are encumbered by mortgages, totaling $5,770,595, and additional detail about the mortgages can be found on Schedule III &#150; Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. 
 Retail Segment As of December 31,
2011, our retail segment consisted of 726 properties. Our retail segment is centered on multi-tenant properties with an average of approximately 140,000 square feet of total space, located in stable communities, primarily in the southwest and
southeast regions of the country. Our retail tenants are largely necessity-based retailers such as grocery and pharmacy, as well as moderate-fashion shoes and clothing retailers, and services such as banking. We own the following types of retail
centers: 

 &#149; 
 
 The majority of our single tenant retail properties are bank branches operated by SunTrust Bank or Citizens Bank. The bank branches typically offer a
wide range of face-to-face or automated banking services to their customers and are often located on corners or out parcels. Typically, these tenants pay rents with contractual increases over time and bear virtually all expenses associated with
operating the facility. 
 -28-

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 Community or neighborhood centers are generally open air and designed for tenants that offer a larger array of apparel and other soft goods. Typically,
these centers contain anchor stores and other national retail tenants. Our neighborhood shopping centers are generally in-line strip centers with a grocery store anchor, a drugstore, and other small retailers. Tenants of these centers typically
offer necessity-based products. 

 &#149; 
 
 Power centers consist of several anchors, such as department stores, off-price stores, warehouse clubs or stores that offer a large selection of
merchandise. Typically, the number of specialty tenants is limited. We have not experienced bankruptcies or receivable
write-offs in our retail portfolio that have materially impacted our result of operations in the economy or retail environment. Our retail business is not highly dependent on specific retailers or specific retail industries, which we believe shields
the portfolio from significant revenue variances over time. The following table reflects the types of properties within our retail segment as
of December 31, 2011. 

 Retail Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

 Total Gross Leasable Area (Sq.Ft.) 

 % of Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2011 

 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2011 

 Sum of Annualized Rent ($) 

 Average of Rent PSF ($) 

 Single Tenant 

 593 

 3,752,717 

 100 
 % 

 593 

 84,461 

 22.55 

 Community & Neighborhood Center 

 83 

 8,602,538 

 93 
 % 

 1,237 

 108,755 

 13.61 

 Power Center 

 50 

 10,290,116 

 93 
 % 

 1,022 

 125,490 

 13.11 

 726 

 22,645,371 

 94 
 % 

 2,852 

 318,706 

 14.96 
 
 The following table represents lease expirations for the retail segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 

 Percent of Total GLA 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 

 2012 

 419 

 1,507,086 

 24,099 

 7.1 
 % 

 7.2 
 % 

 15.99 

 2013 

 342 

 1,412,621 

 22,574 

 6.6 
 % 

 6.7 
 % 

 15.98 

 2014 

 316 

 2,002,890 

 28,984 

 9.4 
 % 

 8.7 
 % 

 14.47 

 2015 

 335 

 2,352,018 

 29,497 

 11.0 
 % 

 8.8 
 % 

 12.54 

 2016 

 291 

 1,813,058 

 26,273 

 8.5 
 % 

 7.9 
 % 

 14.49 

 Thereafter 

 1,149 

 12,220,059 

 203,047 

 57.4 
 % 

 60.7 
 % 

 16.62 

 2,852 

 21,307,732 

 334,474 

 100.0 
 % 

 100.0 
 % 

 15.70 
 
 We have staggered our lease expirations so that we can manage lease rollover. The average percentage of leases expiring
over the next five years is less than 10%. Lodging Segment Lodging facilities have characteristics different from those found in office, retail, industrial, and multi-family properties. Revenue, operating expenses, and net income of lodging properties are
directly tied to the daily hotel sales operation whereas these other asset classes generate revenue from medium to long-term lease contracts. In this way, net operating income for properties in our other asset classes is somewhat more predictable
than lodging properties, though we believe that opportunities to increase revenue are, in many cases, limited because of the duration of the existing lease contracts. We believe lodging facilities have the benefit of capturing
 
 -29-

 Table of Contents 

increased revenue opportunities on a daily or weekly basis but are also subject to immediate decreases in lodging revenue as a result of declines in daily rental rates and/or daily occupancy when
demand is reduced. Due to seasonality, we expect our lodging revenues to be greater during the second and third quarters with lower revenues in the first and fourth quarters. We follow two practices common for REITs that own lodging properties: 1) association with national franchise organizations and 2) management of the properties by third-party hotel managers. We have
aligned our portfolio with what we believe are the top franchise enterprises in the lodging industry: Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental, Hyatt, Wyndham, Choice, Fairmont and Starwood Hotels. Our lodging facilities and these franchise enterprises
are generally classified in the &#147;upscale&#148; or &#147;upper-upscale&#148; lodging categories. By entering into franchise agreements with these organizations, we believe our lodging operations benefit from enhanced advertising, marketing, and
sales programs through the franchisor (in this case, the organization) while the franchisee (in this case, us) pays only a fraction of the overall cost for these programs. We believe effective TV, radio, print, on-line, and other forms of
advertisement are necessary to draw customers to our lodging facilities, thus, creating higher occupancy and rental rates, and increased revenue. Additionally, by using the franchise system we are also able to benefit from the frequent traveler
rewards programs or &#147;point awards&#148; systems of the franchisor which we believe further bolsters occupancy and overall daily rental rates. The following table reflects the types of properties within our lodging segment as of December 31, 2011. 

 Lodging Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

 Number of Rooms 

 Average Occupancy for the Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Average Revenue Per Available Room for the Year
ended December 31, 2011 ($) 

 Average Daily Rate for the Year 2011 ($) 

 Marriot 

 49 

 7,821 

 71 
 % 

 87 

 122 

 Hilton 

 38 

 5,661 

 73 
 % 

 87 

 120 

 Other 

 8 

 2,115 

 70 
 % 

 84 

 120 

 95 

 15,597 

 71 
 % 

 86 

 121 
 
 Office Segment Our investments in office properties largely represent assets leased to and occupied by either a diverse group of tenants or to a single tenant that fully occupy the leased space. Examples of our
multi-tenant properties include the IDS Center located in the central business district of Minneapolis, Minnesota and Dulles Executive Plaza and Worldgate Plaza, both located in metropolitan Washington D.C., with space leased to high-technology
companies and federal government contractors. Examples of our single tenant properties include three buildings leased and occupied by AT&T and located in three distinct US office markets&#151;Chicago, Illinois, St. Louis, Missouri, and
Cleveland, Ohio. In addition, our single tenant office portfolio includes bank offices leased on a net basis to SunTrust, with locations in the east and southeast regions of the country. The following table reflects the types of properties within our office segment as of December 31, 2011. 

 Office Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

 Total Gross Leasable Area (Sq.
Ft.) 

 % of Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2011 

 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2011 

 Sum of Annualized Rent ($) 

 Average of Rent PSF ($) 

 Single-Tenant 

 32 

 7,431,526 

 95 
 % 

 31 

 95,583 

 13.59 

 Multi-Tenant 

 11 

 2,813,287 

 85 
 % 

 239 

 47,508 

 19.77 

 43 

 10,244,813 

 92 
 % 

 270 

 143,091 

 15.17 

 -30-

 Table of Contents 

 The following table represents lease expirations for the office segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 

 Percent of Total GLA 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 

 2012 

 32 

 386,410 

 7,325 

 4.1 
 % 

 4.6 
 % 

 18.96 

 2013 

 30 

 651,173 

 12,251 

 6.9 
 % 

 7.8 
 % 

 18.81 

 2014 

 52 

 246,368 

 4,266 

 2.6 
 % 

 2.7 
 % 

 17.31 

 2015 

 43 

 393,614 

 7,753 

 4.2 
 % 

 4.9 
 % 

 19.70 

 2016 

 38 

 2,546,212 

 41,409 

 27.0 
 % 

 26.3 
 % 

 16.26 

 Thereafter 

 75 

 5,210,487 

 84,701 

 55.2 
 % 

 53.7 
 % 

 16.26 

 270 

 9,434,264 

 157,705 

 100.0 
 % 

 100.0 
 % 

 16.72 
 
 The percentage of leases expiring each year for the next four years is low. During the fifth year, 67% of the lease
expiration relates to one property, with approximately 1.7 million square feet, occupied by AT&T in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, which is in the greater metro Chicago market. Industrial Segment Our industrial segment is comprised of four types of properties:
distribution centers, specialty distribution centers, charter schools, and correctional facilities. Our distribution centers are warehouses or other specialized buildings which stock products to be distributed to retailers, wholesalers or directly
to consumers. Some properties are located in what we believe are active and sought-after industrial markets, such as the O&#146;Hare airport market of Chicago, Illinois. The specialty distribution centers consist of refrigeration or air conditioned
buildings which supply grocery stores in various locations across the country. The charter schools and correctional facilities consist of ten properties under long-term triple net leases. The following table reflects the types of properties within our industrial segment as of December 31, 2011. 

 Industrial Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

 Total Gross Leasable Area (Sq. Ft.) 

 % of Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2011 

 Total # of Financially Active Leases as of December 31, 2011 

 Sum of Annualized Rent ($) 

 Average of Rent PSF ($) 

 Distribution Center 

 53 

 13,658,572 

 91 
 % 

 64 

 55,168 

 4.45 

 Specialty Distribution Center 

 11 

 1,896,815 

 100 
 % 

 11 

 13,201 

 6.96 

 Charter Schools 

 8 

 364,718 

 100 
 % 

 8 

 7,232 

 19.83 

 Correctional Facility 

 2 

 457,345 

 100 
 % 

 2 

 12,194 

 26.66 

 74 

 16,377,450 

 92 
 % 

 85 

 87,795 

 5.81 
 
 The following table represents lease expirations for the industrial segment: 

 Lease Expiration Year 
 
 Number of Expiring Leases 

 GLA of Expiring Leases (Sq. Ft.) 

 Annualized Base Rent of Expiring Leases ($) 

 Percent of Total GLA 

 Percent of Total Annualized Base Rent 

 Expiring Rent/Square Foot 

 2012 

 17 

 783,973 

 2,287 

 5.2 
 % 

 2.3 
 % 

 2.92 

 2013 

 14 

 1,457,625 

 8,337 

 9.7 
 % 

 8.5 
 % 

 5.72 

 2014 

 3 

 453,528 

 2,517 

 3.0 
 % 

 2.6 
 % 

 5.55 

 2015 

 7 

 1,124,703 

 4,520 

 7.4 
 % 

 4.6 
 % 

 4.02 

 2016 

 5 

 1,420,677 

 5,137 

 9.4 
 % 

 5.2 
 % 

 3.62 

 Thereafter 

 39 

 9,862,827 

 75,354 

 65.3 
 % 

 76.8 
 % 

 7.64 

 85 

 15,103,333 

 98,152 

 100.0 
 % 

 100.00 
 % 

 6.50 
 
 The percentage of leases expiring each year for the next five years is less than 10%. We believe this is a manageable
percentage of lease rollover. 
 -31-

 Table of Contents 

 Multi-Family Segment Our multi-family portfolio consists of conventional apartments and student housing. Our conventional apartment properties are upscale with resident amenities such as business centers, fitness centers,
swimming pools, landscaped grounds and clubhouse facilities. The apartment buildings are typically three-story walk-up buildings offering one, two and three bedroom apartments and are leased on per unit basis. Our student-housing portfolio consists
of residential and mixed-use communities close to university campuses and in urban infill locations. Student-housing facilities are leased on a per bed basis rather than per unit. These five student housing properties were constructed between
mid-2007 and 2010. The following table reflects the types of properties within our multi-family segment as of December 31, 2011.

 Multi-family Properties 
 
 Number of Properties 

 Total Gross Leasable 
Area (Sq. Ft.) 

 % of Economic Occupancy as of December 31, 2011 

 Total # of Units/ Beds Occupied 

 Rent per Unit/ Bed ($) 

 Conventional 

 21 

 6,489,579 

 92.32 
 % 

 6,382 

 965.35 

 Student-Housing 

 5 

 936,766 

 92.79 
 % 

 2,458 

 661.50 

 26 

 7,426,345 

 92.45 
 % 

 8,840 

 880.86 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 -32-

 Table of Contents 

 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information There is no public
trading market for the common stock. We announced an estimated value per share of our common stock equal to $7.22 as of December 29, 2011. We intend on estimating our value per share on an annual basis. 
 We published an estimated per share value of our common stock to assist broker-dealers that sold our common stock in our initial and follow-on &#147;best
efforts&#148; offerings to comply with the rules published by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&#147;FINRA&#148;) and to assist fiduciaries of retirement plans subject to annual reporting requirements of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended (&#147;ERISA&#148;), whose clients purchased our common stock. Specifically, FINRA requires registered broker-dealers to disclose in a customer&#146;s account statement an estimated value for a REIT&#146;s securities
if the annual report of that REIT discloses a per share estimated value. The FINRA rules presently prohibit broker-dealers from using a per share estimated value developed from data that is more than eighteen months old. 
 The FINRA rules provide no guidance regarding the methodology a REIT must use to determine its estimated value per share. As with any valuation
methodology, the methodology employed by our business manager was based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be reflective of actual results. Further, different parties using different assumptions and estimates could derive a
different estimated value per share, which could be significantly different from our estimated value per share. The estimated per share value published by us represents neither the fair value according to U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (or &#147;GAAP&#148;) of our assets less liabilities, nor the amount our shares would trade at on a national securities exchange or the amount a stockholder would obtain if he or she tried to sell his or her shares or if we liquidated our
assets and distributed the proceeds after paying all of our expenses and liabilities. Share Repurchase Program 
 Our board of directors adopted a share repurchase program, which became effective August 31, 2005 and was suspended as of March 30, 2009. Our
board later adopted an Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, which was effective from April 11, 2011 through January 31, 2012 (the &#147;First Amended Program&#148;). Our board subsequently adopted a Second Amended and Restated
Share Repurchase Program, which became effective as of February 1, 2012 (the &#147;Second Amended Program&#148;). Under the First
Amended Program, we were permitted to repurchase shares of our common stock, on a quarterly basis, upon the death of the beneficial owners of our shares. We were authorized to repurchase shares at a price per share equal to 90% of the most recently
disclosed estimated per share value of our common stock, which, on each of the relevant repurchase dates, was equal to $7.23 per share. Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the First Amended Program was conditioned upon our having
sufficient funds available to complete the repurchase. Our board had reserved $5.0 million per calendar quarter for this purpose. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at no time during any consecutive twelve month period could the
aggregate number of shares repurchased under the First Amended Program exceed 5.0% of the aggregate number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock at the beginning of the twelve month period. If our funds were insufficient to repurchase
all of the shares for which repurchase requests have been submitted in a particular quarter, or if the number of shares accepted for repurchase would cause us to exceed the 5.0% limit, we would repurchase the shares in chronological order, based
upon the beneficial owner&#146;s date of death. Under the Second Amended Program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock, on a
quarterly basis, from the beneficiary of a stockholder that has died or from stockholders that have a &#147;qualifying disability&#148; or are confined to a &#147;long-term care facility&#148; (together, referred to herein as &#147;hardship
repurchases&#148;). We are authorized 
 -33-

 Table of Contents 

to repurchase shares at a price per share equal to 100% of the most recently disclosed estimated per share value of our common stock, which currently is equal to $7.22 per share. Our obligation
to repurchase any shares under the Second Amended Program is conditioned upon our having sufficient funds available to complete the repurchase. Our board has initially reserved $10.0 million per calendar quarter for the purpose of funding
repurchases associated with death and $15.0 million per calendar quarter for the purpose of funding hardship repurchases. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, at no time during any consecutive twelve month period may the aggregate
number of shares repurchased under the Second Amended Program exceed 5.0% of the aggregate number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock at the beginning of the twelve month period. For any calendar quarter, if the number of shares
accepted for repurchase would cause us to exceed the 5.0% limit, repurchases for death will take priority over any hardship repurchases, in each case in accordance with the procedures, and subject to the funding limits, described in the Second
Amended Program and summarized herein. If, on the other hand, the funds reserved for either category of repurchase under the Second Amended
Program are insufficient to repurchase all of the shares for which repurchase requests have been received for a particular quarter, or if the number of shares accepted for repurchase would cause us to exceed the 5.0% limit, we will repurchase the
shares in the following order: 

 &#149; 
 
 for death repurchases, we will repurchase shares in chronological order, based upon the beneficial owner&#146;s date of death; and

 &#149; 
 
 for hardship repurchases, we will repurchase shares on a pro rata basis, up to, but not in excess of, the limits described herein; provided, that in
the event that the repurchase would result in a stockholder owning less than 150 shares, we will repurchase all of that stockholder&#146;s shares. The Second Amended Program will immediately terminate if our shares are approved for listing on any national securities exchange. We may amend or modify any provision of the Second Amended Program, or
reject any request for repurchase, at any time in our board&#146;s sole discretion. The table below outlines the shares of common stock we
repurchased pursuant to the First Amended Program during the three months ended December 31, 2011: 

 Month 
 
 Total Number of Shares Redeemed 

 Average Price Paid per Share 

 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced
Plans or Programs (1) 

 Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or
Programs 

 October 2011 

 0 

 N/A 

 0 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 November 2011 

 0 

 N/A 

 0 

 (1 
 ) 
 
 December 2011 

 691,563 

 $ 
 7.23 

 691,563 

 (1 
 ) 

 (1) 
 A description of the First Amended Program, including the date that the program was amended, the dollar amount approved, the expiration date and the maximum number of
shares that may be purchased thereuder is included in the narrative preceding this table. Stockholders 
 As of March 1, 2012, we had 187,276 stockholders of record. Distributions We have been paying monthly cash distributions since October 2005. During
the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we declared cash distributions, which are paid monthly in arrears to stockholders, totaling $429.6 million and $417.9 million, respectively, in each case equal to $.50 per share on an annualized
basis. For Federal income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, 62% and 66% of the distributions paid constituted a return of capital in the applicable year. 
 -34-

 Table of Contents 

 We intend to continue paying regular monthly cash distributions to our stockholders. However, there are many
factors that can affect the amount and timing of cash distributions to stockholders. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue paying distributions at the current level or that the amount of distributions will increase, or not decrease
further, over time. Even if we are able to continue paying distributions, the actual amount and timing of distributions is determined by our board of directors in its discretion and typically depends on the amount of funds available for
distribution, which depends on items such as current and projected cash requirements and tax considerations. As a result, our distribution rate and payment frequency may vary from time to time. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2011. Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity
compensation plans (excluding shares reflected in column (a)) (c) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

 Independent Director Stock Option Plan 

 32,000 

 $ 
 9.05 

 43,000 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

 0 

 $ 
 0 

 0 

 Total: 

 32,000 

 $ 
 9.05 

 43,000 

 We have adopted an Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended, which, subject to certain conditions, provides for
the grant to each independent director of an option to purchase 3,000 shares following their becoming a director and for the grant of additional options to purchase 500 shares on the date of each annual stockholder&#146;s meeting. The options for
the initial 3,000 shares are exercisable as follows: 1,000 shares on the date of grant and 1,000 shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant. All other options are exercisable on the second anniversary of the date of
grant. The exercise price for all options is equal to the fair value of our shares, as defined in the plan, on the date of each grant. 
 -35-

 Table of Contents 

 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 The following table shows our consolidated selected financial data relating to our consolidated historical financial condition and results of operations.
Such selected data should be read in conjunction with Item 7, &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere
in this report (dollar amounts are stated in thousands, except per share amounts). 

 As of and for the year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 10,919,190 

 11,391,502 

 11,328,211 

 11,136,866 

 8,114,714 

 Mortgages, notes and margins payable 
 
 $ 
 5,902,712 

 5,532,057 

 5,085,899 

 4,437,997 

 3,028,647 

 Operating Data: 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 1,323,151 

 1,186,894 

 1,058,574 

 965,274 

 458,905 

 Total interest and dividend income 
 
 $ 
 22,869 

 33,068 

 55,161 

 77,997 

 84,201 

 Net income (loss) attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (316,253 
 ) 

 (176,431 
 ) 

 (397,960 
 ) 

 (365,178 
 ) 

 55,922 

 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 
 
 $ 
 (0.37 
 ) 

 (0.21 
 ) 

 (0.49 
 ) 

 (0.54 
 ) 

 0.14 

 Common Stock Distributions: 

 Distributions declared to common stockholders 
 
 $ 
 429,599 

 417,885 

 405,337 

 418,694 

 242,606 

 Distributions per weighted average common share 
 
 $ 
 0.50 

 0.50 

 0.51 

 0.62 

 0.61 

 Funds from Operations: 

 Funds from operations (a) 
 
 $ 
 443,460 

 321,828 

 142,601 

 140,064 

 244,299 

 Cash Flow Data: 

 Cash flows provided by operating activities 
 
 $ 
 397,949 

 356,660 

 369,031 

 384,365 

 263,420 

 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 
 $ 
 (286,896 
 ) 

 (380,685 
 ) 

 (563,163 
 ) 

 (2,484,825 
 ) 

 (4,873,404 
 ) 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 $ 
 (160,597 
 ) 

 (208,759 
 ) 

 (250,602 
 ) 

 2,636,325 

 4,716,852 

 Other Information: 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

 858,637,707 

 835,131,057 

 811,400,035 

 675,320,438 

 396,752,280 

 (a) 
 Due to certain unique operating characteristics of real estate companies, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts or NAREIT, an industry trade group,
has promulgated a standard known as &#147;Funds from Operations, or &#147;FFO&#148;, which it believes reflects the operating performance of a REIT. As defined by NAREIT, FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or
losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization and impairment charges on real property and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which we hold an interest. In calculating FFO, impairment charges
of depreciable real estate assets are added back even though the impairment charge may represent a permanent decline in value due to decreased operating performance of the applicable property. Further, because gains and losses from sales of property
are excluded from FFO, it is consistent and appropriate that impairments, which are often early recognition of losses on prospective sales of property, also be excluded. If evidence exists that a loss reflected in the investment of an unconsolidated
entity is due to the write-down of depreciable real estate assets, these impairment charges are added back to FFO. The methodology is consistent with the concept of excluding impairment charges of depreciable assets or early recognition of losses on
sale of depreciable real estate assets held by the Company. In 2011, NAREIT clarified the FFO definition to
exclude impairment charges of depreciable real estate assets as well as the gains and or losses related to unconsolidated entities to the extent they are due to the depreciable real estate assets. Consequently, we have restated prior years&#146; FFO
to reflect these changes. 
 -36-

 Table of Contents 

 FFO is neither intended to be an alternative to &#147;net income&#148; nor to &#147;cash
flows from operating activities&#148; as determined by GAAP as a measure of our capacity to pay distributions. We believe that FFO is a better measure of our properties&#146; operating performance because FFO excludes non-cash items from GAAP net
income. FFO is calculated as follows (in thousands): 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Net loss attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (316,253 
 ) 

 (176,431 
 ) 

 (397,960 
 ) 
 
 Add: 
 
 Depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 

 439,077 

 443,100 

 394,995 

 Depreciation and amortization related to investment in unconsolidated entities 

 63,645 

 43,845 

 41,300 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 105,795 

 3,180 

 1,117 

 Provision for asset impairment included in discontinued operations 

 57,846 

 44,349 

 32,934 

 Impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities 

 113,621 

 11,239 

 7,443 

 Impairment reflected in equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 

 16,739 

 10,710 

 75,787 

 Less: 
 
 Gains from property sales and transfer of assets 

 16,510 

 55,412 

 0 

 Gains from property sales reflected in equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities 

 11,141 

 242 

 10,500 

 Gains from sale of unconsolidated entities 

 7,545 

 0 

 0 

 Noncontrolling interest share of depreciation and amortization related to investment properties 

 1,814 

 2,510 

 2,515 

 Funds from operations 
 
 $ 
 443,460 

 321,828 

 142,601 

 Below is additional information related to certain items that significantly impact the comparability of our Funds from
Operations and Net Loss or significant non-cash items from the periods presented (in thousands): 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Gain on conversion of note receivable to equity interest 
 
 $ 
 (17,150 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Payment from note receivable previously impaired 
 
 $ 
 (2,422 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Provision for goodwill impairment 
 
 $ 
 0 

 0 

 26,676 

 Impairment of notes receivable 
 
 $ 
 0 

 111,896 

 74,136 

 Impairment on securities 
 
 $ 
 24,356 

 1,856 

 4,038 

 (Gain) loss on consolidated investment 
 
 $ 
 0 

 (433 
 ) 

 148,887 

 Straight-line rental income 
 
 $ 
 (13,841 
 ) 

 (17,705 
 ) 

 (16,329 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of above/below market leases 
 
 $ 
 (1,326 
 ) 

 (433 
 ) 

 (1,688 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of mark to market debt discounts 
 
 $ 
 7,973 

 6,203 

 1,695 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 
 $ 
 (10,848 
 ) 

 (19,227 
 ) 

 0 

 Acquisition Costs 
 
 $ 
 1,680 

 1,805 

 9,617 

 -37-

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Certain statements in this &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations&#148; and elsewhere in this Form 10-K constitute &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not
historical, including statements regarding management&#146;s intentions, beliefs, expectations, representations, plans or predictions of the future and are typically identified by words such as &#147;believe,&#148; &#147;expect,&#148;
&#147;anticipate,&#148; &#147;intend,&#148; &#147;estimate,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;should&#148; and &#147;could.&#148; Similarly, statements that describe or contain information related to matters such as management&#146;s
intent, belief or expectation with respect to the Company&#146;s financial performance, investment strategy and portfolio, cash flows, growth prospects, legal proceedings, amount and timing of anticipated future cash distributions, and other matters
are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but are the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company&#146;s management based on their knowledge and understanding of the business and industry,
the economy and other future conditions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and stockholders should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or
forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to the factors listed and described under &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . These factors
include, but are not limited to: market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. economy or real estate industry as a whole, and the local economic conditions in the markets in which the Company&#146;s properties are located; the
Company&#146;s ability to refinance maturing debt or to obtain new financing on attractive terms; the availability of cash flow from operating activities to fund distributions; future increases in interest rates; and actions or failures by the
Company&#146;s joint venture partners, including development partners. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results.
 The following discussion and analysis relates to the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and as of December 31, 2011
and 2010. You should read the following discussion and analysis along with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes included in this report. Overview We continue to maintain a sustainable distribution rate funded by our operations.
In 2011, we began disposing of assets we determined less strategic and reinvesting the capital in real estate assets that we believe will produce attractive current yields and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders. To achieve these
objectives, our property managers for our non-lodging properties actively seek to lease space at favorable rates, control expenses, and maintain strong tenant relationships. We oversee the management of our lodging facilities through active
engagement with our third party managers and franchisors to maximize occupancy and daily rates as well as control expenses. On a consolidated
basis, essentially all of our revenues and cash flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2011 were generated by collecting rental payments from our tenants, room revenues from lodging properties, distributions from unconsolidated
entities and dividend income earned from investments in marketable securities. Our largest cash expense relates to the operation of our properties as well as the interest expense on our mortgages. Our property operating expenses include, but are not
limited to, real estate taxes, regular repair and maintenance, management fees, utilities and insurance (some of which are recoverable). Our lodging operating expenses include, but are not limited to, rooms, food and beverage, utility,
administrative and marketing, payroll, franchise and management fees and repairs and maintenance expenses. 
 -38-

 Table of Contents 

 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, management focuses on the following
financial and non-financial indicators, discussed in further detail herein: 

 &#149; 
 
 Cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;).

 &#149; 
 
 Funds from Operations (&#147;FFO&#148;), a supplemental non-GAAP measure to net income determined in accordance with GAAP.

 &#149; 
 
 Economic and physical occupancy and rental rates. 

 &#149; 
 
 Leasing activity and lease rollover. 

 &#149; 
 
 Managing operating expenses. 

 &#149; 
 
 Average daily room rate, revenue per available room, and average occupancy to measure our lodging properties. 

 &#149; 
 
 Debt maturities and leverage ratios. 

 &#149; 
 
 Liquidity levels. During
2012, we will continue to execute on our strategy to dispose of less strategic assets and deploy the capital into higher performing asset segments. We believe that our debt maturities over the next five years are manageable and although we believe
interest rates will rise in the future, we anticipate low interest rates in 2012. We expect to see increased same store operating performance in our lodging and multi-family segments in 2012. The lodging industry is expected to have positive growth
for 2012 and the rental growth is projected to continue for the multi-family properties in 2012. Our retail, office and industrial portfolios are expected to maintain high occupancy and have limited lease rollover in the coming years. We believe the
retail and industrial segments same store income will be consistent with 2011 results. We do expect to see lower income in the office segment compared to 2011 results. We believe we will be maintain our cash distribution in 2012 and anticipate
distributions to be funded by cash flow from operations as well as distributions from unconsolidated entities and gains on sales of properties. 
 Results of Operations General
 Consolidated Results of Operations This section describes and compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. We generate most of our net operating income from property operations. In order to
evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the operating performance of all properties from period to period and properties we have owned and operated for the same period during each year. Investment properties owned for the entire years
ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, are referred to herein as &#147;same store&#148; properties. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts are stated in thousands (except per share amounts, per
square foot amounts, revenue per available room and average daily rate). 
 -39-

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 Operating Income and Expenses: 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 2011 Increase (decrease) from 2010 

 2010 Increase (decrease) from 2009 

 Income: 

 Rental income 

 640,118 

 605,665 

 520,154 

 34,453 

 85,511 

 Tenant recovery income 

 93,816 

 87,730 

 80,072 

 6,086 

 7,658 

 Other property income 

 18,113 

 16,909 

 18,323 

 1,204 

 (1,414 
 ) 
 
 Lodging income 

 571,104 

 476,590 

 440,025 

 94,514 

 36,565 

 Operating Expenses: 

 Lodging operating expenses 

 364,617 

 302,651 

 277,411 

 61,966 

 25,240 

 Property operating expenses 

 137,281 

 128,906 

 106,368 

 8,375 

 22,538 

 Real estate taxes 

 94,511 

 87,315 

 80,344 

 7,196 

 6,971 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 105,795 

 3,180 

 1,117 

 102,615 

 2,063 

 General and administrative expenses 

 31,033 

 36,668 

 43,499 

 (5,635 
 ) 

 (6,831 
 ) 
 
 Business manager management fee 

 40,000 

 36,000 

 39,000 

 4,000 

 (3,000 
 ) 
 Property Income and Operating Expenses Rental income for non-lodging properties consists of basic monthly rent, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, fee income, and percentage rental income
recorded pursuant to tenant leases. Tenant recovery income consists of reimbursements for real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs, management fees, and insurance costs. Tenant recovery income generally fluctuates correspondingly with
property operating expenses and real estate taxes. Other property income for non-lodging properties consists of lease termination fees and other miscellaneous property income. Property operating expenses for non-lodging properties consist of real
estate taxes, regular repair and maintenance, management fees, utilities and insurance (some of which are recoverable from the tenant). 

 &#149; 
 
 The increase in property revenues in the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily due to a full year of operations reflected in 2011 for
properties acquired during 2010 in addition to 2011 acquisition of seven properties. Same store consolidated property revenues amounted to $637,894 in 2011 compared to $639,181 in 2010, which was less than a 1% change. In correlation, same store
property operating expenses increased from $114,892 in 2010 to $114,992 in 2011, which was also less than a 1% change. Real estate taxes on a a same store basis decreased less than 2%, from $54,173 in 2010 to $53,168 in 2011.

 &#149; 
 
 Similarly, the increase in property revenues in the year ended December 31, 2010 was primarily due to a full year of operations reflected in 2010
for properties acquired during 2009 in addition to 2010 acquisitions of 28 properties. Same store consolidated property revenues amounted to $545,502 in 2010 compared to $550,410 in 2009, which was less than a 1% change. In correlation, same store
property operating expenses increased from $97,828 in 2009 to $101,077 in 2010, which was a 3% change. Real estate taxes on a same store basis decreased by 5%, from $50,176 in 2009 to $47,721 in 2010. 
 -40-

 Table of Contents 

 Lodging Income and Operating Expenses Our lodging properties generate revenue through sales of rooms and associated food and beverage services. Lodging operating expenses include the room maintenance, food and beverage, utilities,
administrative and marketing, payroll, franchise and management fees, and repairs and maintenance expenses. 

 &#149; 
 
 Lodging income increased in the year ended December 31, 2011 primarily due to a full year of operations reflected in 2011 for hotels acquired in
2010 in addition to 2011 acquisition of three hotels. In general, the economy was better in 2011 than in the prior year and businesses held more meetings at hotels, which also resulted in additional income through the sale of food and drinks. As
expected, lodging operating expense increased correspondingly to lodging income. 

 &#149; 
 
 Lodging income increased in the year ended December 31, 2010 primarily due to occupancy increases across the lodging segment. Due to the economic
recovery during the latter part of 2010, hotel performances increased which allowed for an increase in the demand for hotel rooms. This in turn increased the occupancy rate and the average daily rate for some areas as corporate business travel and
leisure travel improved. Additional hotels purchased in mid-year also contributed to the increase in revenue by adding a better mix of hotels to the total portfolio. Provision for Asset Impairment 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, we identified certain properties which may have a reduction in the expected holding period and reviewed the
probability of these assets&#146; dispositions. As a result, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $105,795 for continuing operations and $57,846 for discontinued operations, to reduce the book value of certain of our investment properties
to their fair values. 

 &#149; 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, we recorded a provision for asset impairment of $3,180 and $1,117, respectively, to reduce the
book value of certain of our investment properties to their new fair values. We disposed of many of the properties impaired in 2010 and 2009 by December 31, 2011, and therefore, the related impairment charges of $44,349 and $32,934,
respectively, are reflected in discontinued operations. General Administrative Expenses and Business Management Fee
 After our stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their &#147;invested
capital,&#148; we pay our business manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the &#147;average invested assets,&#148; payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately
preceding quarter. Once we have satisfied the minimum return on invested capital, the amount of the actual fee paid to the business manager is determined by the business manager up to the amount permitted by the agreement. 

 &#149; 
 
 We incurred a business management fee of $40,000, $36,000 and $39,000, which is equal to 0.35%, 0.32%, and 0.38% of average invested assets, and the
business manager waived the remaining fee of $75,155, $78,120, and $64,584 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively. There is no assurance that our business manager will continue to forego or defer all or a portion of
its business management fee. 

 &#149; 
 
 The decrease in general and administrative expense from the year ended December 31 2010 to the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily a
result of a decrease in legal and consulting costs. We saw a decrease from the year ended December 31, 2009 to the year ended December 31, 2010 due primarily to the slow down in acquisition activity in 2010 as compared to 2009 activity.
 
 -41-

 Table of Contents 

 Non-Operating Income and Expenses: 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 2011 Increase (decrease) from 2010 

 2010 Increase (decrease) from 2009 

 Non-operating income and expenses: 

 Other income 

 19,160 

 1,771 

 599 

 17,389 

 1,172 

 Interest expense 

 310,174 

 285,654 

 243,212 

 24,520 

 42,442 

 Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

 12,802 

 18,684 

 78,487 

 (5,882 
 ) 

 (59,803 
 ) 
 
 Gain (impairment) of investment in unconsolidated entities, net 

 (106,023 
 ) 

 (11,239 
 ) 

 (7,443 
 ) 

 (94,784 
 ) 

 (3,796 
 ) 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities 

 (16,219 
 ) 

 21,073 

 34,155 

 (37,292 
 ) 

 (13,082 
 ) 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 

 (29,608 
 ) 

 23,254 

 (39,066 
 ) 

 (52,862 
 ) 

 62,320 
 
 Other Income 

 &#149; 
 
 The increase in other income in the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily due to the gain recognized on the conversion of a note receivable
to equity of $17,150 in an unconsolidated entity. Other income in the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 were minimal compared to the year ended December 31, 2011. 
 Interest Expense 

 &#149; 
 
 The increase in interest expense in the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily due to the principal amount of mortgage debt financings during
2011 which increased by $303,927 from 2010 as well as a $6,362 amortization of a mark to market mortgage discount as a result of two property loans, totaling $43,236 being in default. Similarly, the principal amount of mortgage debt financings
during 2010 increased by $452,270 from 2009. Our weighted average interest rate on outstanding debt was 5.2%, 5.1%, and 4.9% per annum for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, and 2009 respectively. 
 Equity in Loss of Unconsolidated Entities 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, we recognized our share of a gain on the sales of properties in two unconsolidated entities which total
$11,141, offset by impairment charges recognized by two unconsolidated entities of which our portion was $16,739. The decrease in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2011 was primarily due to impairments
recorded by our joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2010, of which our portion was $10,710 incurred by our DR Stephens joint venture, with no offset by gain on sales of properties. 

 &#149; 
 
 The decrease in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2010 was primarily due to significant losses incurred
and impairments recorded by our Concord debt joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2009, of which our portion was $75,787. 
 -42-

 Table of Contents 

 Gain (Impairment) of Investment in Unconsolidated Entities, net 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded an impairment of $113,621 on our investment in unconsolidated entities related to the Net Lease
Strategic Assets Fund LP joint venture. The impairment reduced our investment in the unconsolidated entity to $26,508. On February 21, 2012, we delivered to our joint venture partner a right of first offer under the partnership agreement. Pursuant
to the notice, we have requested the venture sell the assets for a purchase price of $548,706. On February 20 and 21, 2012, our partner delivered notice to us to exercise the buy sell option under the partnership agreement at a purchase price of
$213,014. If the right of first offer is not accepted, the partnership agreement allows a third party buyer to be sought. For the year ended December 31, 2011, we valued the equity interest in part based on the fair value of the underlying
assets of the investment using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. These factors resulted in the valuation of our investment in the entity at $26,508
and an impairment charge of $113,621. The impairment is offset by a $7,545 gain on our investment in unconsolidated entities due to the sale of 100% of our equity in the NRF Healthcare LLC. 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded an impairment of $11,239 on our investment in unconsolidated entities related to a retail
development center and two lodging developments. 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment of $7,443 on our investment in unconsolidated entities relate to a retail center
and a lodging development venture. Realized Gain (Loss) and Impairment on Securities 

 &#149; 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities was a gain in the year ended December 31, 2010 and a loss in the year ended December 31,
2011. In 2011, we took an impairment charge of $24,356 on existing securities which was offset by $6,125 sale of impaired securities which resulted in a gain. In 2010, we sold impaired stock which resulted in a $33,834 gain, which was offset by a
$12,475 loss on the impaired bonds. For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded an impairment charge of $4,038 offset by realized gains on the sales of securities. 
 Discontinued Operations 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, we recorded loss of $29,608 from discontinued operations, which primarily included a gain on sale of
properties of $11,964, a gain on extinguishment of debt of $10,848, a gain on transfer of assets of $4,546, and provision for asset impairment of $57,846. 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded income of $23,254 from discontinued operations, which primarily included a gain on sale of
properties of $55,412, a gain on extinguishment of debt of $19,227, and a provision for asset impairment of $44,349. 

 &#149; 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded a loss of $39,066 from discontinued operations, which primarily included a provision for asset
impairment of $32,934. Segment Reporting An analysis of results of operations by segment is below. In order to evaluate our overall portfolio, management analyzes the operating performance of all properties from period to period and properties
we have owned and operated for the same period during each year. A total of 910 and 877 of our investment properties satisfied the criteria of being owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 and December 31, 2010 and
2009, respectively, and are referred to herein as &#147;same store&#148; properties. This same store analysis allows management to monitor the operations of our existing properties for comparable periods to determine the effects of our new
acquisitions on net income. The tables contained throughout summarize certain key operating 
 -43-

 Table of Contents 

performance measures for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. The base rental rates reflected in retail, office, industrial, and multi-family are exclusive of tenant
improvements and lease commissions. For the year ended December 31, 2011, these costs associated with leasing space were not material. 
 Retail Segment Our retail segment net
operating income on a same store basis remained stable for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to year ended December 31, 2010 with a slight decrease of 1.0%, down $220,592 from $222,908, respectively. This is a result of the strong
same store economic occupancy percentage of 94% for both periods and comparable lease rates year to year. We had similar economic occupancy of 93% for the same store properties for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, but saw a decrease
in net operating income of 2.5%, to $181,778 from $186,405, respectively, due to less lease termination income in 2010 compared to 2009. During 2009, 2010, and 2011, we acquired fifty-five retail properties totaling approximately 9 million
square feet. These acquisitions were well matched with our retail business, which is centered on multi-tenant properties, located in stable communities. The tenants largely consist of necessity-based retailers such as grocery and pharmacy, as well
as moderate-fashion shoes and clothing retailers, and services. Base rental rates have decreased slightly from $15.90 per square foot as of
December 31, 2009 to $15.05 per square foot as of December 31, 2010 to $14.96 per square foot as of December 31, 2011. The decrease was offset by increase in economic occupancy over the same period, which resulted in a less than 1%
change in base rent income on a same store basis for the comparable periods. For 2012, we expect rental rates to remain consistent with 2011. 

 Total Retail Properties 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Retail Properties 

 Physical occupancy 

 93 
 % 

 93 
 % 

 93 
 % 
 
 Economic occupancy 

 94 
 % 

 94 
 % 

 94 
 % 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 
 $ 
 14.96 

 $ 
 15.05 

 $ 
 15.90 

 Gross investment in properties 
 
 $ 
 4,341,644 

 $ 
 4,152,647 

 $ 
 3,465,640 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment and for the same store retail segment consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2010. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Retail 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total 
Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 245,778 

 $ 
 65,726 

 $ 
 311,504 

 $ 
 246,467 

 $ 
 41,973 

 $ 
 288,440 

 $ 
 (689 
 ) 

 (0.3 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 23,064 

 8.0 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 45,715 

 18,370 

 64,085 

 47,469 

 11,151 

 58,620 

 (1,754 
 ) 

 (3.7 
 %) 

 5,465 

 9.3 
 % 
 
 Other property income 

 4,369 

 1,042 

 5,411 

 3,798 

 1,200 

 4,998 

 571 

 15.0 
 % 

 413 

 8.3 
 % 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 295,862 

 $ 
 85,138 

 $ 
 381,000 

 $ 
 297,734 

 $ 
 54,324 

 $ 
 352,058 

 $ 
 (1,872 
 ) 

 (0.6 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 28,942 

 8.2 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 47,300 

 $ 
 16,617 

 $ 
 63,917 

 $ 
 46,179 

 $ 
 10,904 

 $ 
 57,083 

 $ 
 (1,121 
 ) 

 (2.4 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (6,834 
 ) 

 (12.0 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 27,970 

 12,217 

 40,187 

 28,647 

 6,269 

 34,916 

 677 

 2.4 
 % 

 (5,271 
 ) 

 (15.1 
 %) 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 75,270 

 $ 
 28,834 

 $ 
 104,104 

 $ 
 74,826 

 $ 
 17,173 

 $ 
 91,999 

 $ 
 (444 
 ) 

 (0.6 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (12,105 
 ) 

 (13.2 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 220,592 

 56,304 

 276,896 

 222,908 

 37,151 

 260,059 

 (2,316 
 ) 

 (1.0 
 %) 

 16,837 

 6.5 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 94 
 % 

 n/a 

 93 
 % 

 94 
 % 

 n/a 

 94 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 698 

 28 

 726 

 698 

 21 

 719 

 -44-

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 
 The table below represents operating information for the retail segment and for the same store retail segment consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Retail 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Same 
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total Company Change 
Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 200,676 

 $ 
 87,764 

 $ 
 288,440 

 $ 
 203,413 

 $ 
 31,132 

 $ 
 234,545 

 $ 
 (2,737 
 ) 

 (1.3 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 53,895 

 22.9 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 37,067 

 21,553 

 58,620 

 39,247 

 8,536 

 47,783 

 (2,180 
 ) 

 (5.6 
 %) 

 10,837 

 22.7 
 % 
 
 Other property income 

 3,372 

 1,626 

 4,998 

 6,080 

 207 

 6,287 

 (2,708 
 ) 

 (44.5 
 %) 

 (1,289 
 ) 

 (20.5 
 %) 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 241,115 

 $ 
 110,943 

 $ 
 352,058 

 $ 
 248,740 

 $ 
 39,875 

 $ 
 288,615 

 $ 
 (7,625 
 ) 

 (3.1 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 63,443 

 22.0 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 35,766 

 $ 
 21,317 

 $ 
 57,083 

 $ 
 37,397 

 $ 
 7,492 

 $ 
 44,889 

 $ 
 1,631 

 4.4 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (12,194 
 ) 

 (27.2 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 23,571 

 11,345 

 34,916 

 24,938 

 3,878 

 28,816 

 1,367 

 5.5 
 % 

 (6,100 
 ) 

 (21.2 
 %) 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 59,337 

 $ 
 32,662 

 $ 
 91,999 

 $ 
 62,335 

 $ 
 11,370 

 $ 
 73,705 

 $ 
 2,998 

 4.8 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (18,294 
 ) 

 (24.8 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 181,778 

 78,281 

 260,059 

 186,405 

 28,505 

 214,910 

 (4,627 
 ) 

 (2.5 
 %) 

 45,149 

 21.0 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 93 
 % 

 n/a 

 94 
 % 

 93 
 % 

 n/a 

 94 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 671 

 48 

 719 

 671 

 49 

 720 

 Lodging Segment We measure our financial performance for lodging properties by revenue generated per available room known as RevPAR, which is an operational measure commonly used in the lodging industry to evaluate
lodging performance. RevPAR represents the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved but excludes other revenue generated by a hotel property, such as food and beverage, parking, telephone and other
guest service revenues. Our lodging portfolio has seen significant increases in net operating income year over year comparing 2009, 2010 and
2011. On a same store basis, net operating income increased 4.1% for the years ended December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010, from $137,552 to $143,161. The same store properties for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010 also had an increase in net operating income of 10.8%, from $143,161 to $158,567. During 2009, the hotel industry experienced declines in both occupancy levels and rental rates (better known as &#147;Average Daily Rate&#148;
or &#147;ADR&#148;). The downturn in performance affected all major segments of the travel industry (e.g. corporate travel, group travel, and leisure travel). Hotel performance has been steadily climbing up from the economic downturn as occupancy
started increasing in 2010 followed by increases in average daily rates in the fourth quarter 2010. In 2011, occupancy growth slightly outpaced the ADR growth but US RevPar increased 8.2% and our lodging portfolio increased 7.5%. 
 We are optimistic our lodging portfolio will continue its strong performance in 2012. Business and leisure travel is forecasted to remain strong in 2012.
While occupancy continues to rise, pricing increases will lag behind as both types of travel remain sensitive to price increases. We expect ADR growth in 2012 to be slightly higher than in 2011. RevPar is expected to steadily grow in 2012,
specifically in the upscale and above segments. We believe we will have strong increases in our revenue per available room consistent with industry expectations. Our third party managers and asset management are focusing on increasing average daily
rates, maintaining and growing occupancy while controlling operating costs to improve cash flow to the owner. 
 -45-

 Table of Contents 

 Total Lodging Properties 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Lodging Properties 

 Revenue per available room 
 
 $ 
 86 

 $ 
 80 

 $ 
 78 

 Average daily rate 
 
 $ 
 121 

 $ 
 115 

 $ 
 118 

 Occupancy 

 71 
 % 

 70 
 % 

 66 
 % 
 
 Gross investment in properties 
 
 $ 
 2,908,323 

 $ 
 2,856,899 

 $ 
 2,730,022 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment and for the same store portfolio for properties acquired prior to January 1,
2010. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Lodging 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Same Store Portfolio Change 
Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total 
Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Lodging operating income 
 
 $ 
 488,183 

 $ 
 82,921 

 $ 
 571,104 

 $ 
 454,395 

 $ 
 22,195 

 $ 
 476,590 

 $ 
 33,788 

 7.4 
 % 
 
 $ 
 94,514 

 19.8 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Lodging operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 307,735 

 $ 
 56,882 

 $ 
 364,617 

 $ 
 287,887 

 $ 
 14,764 

 $ 
 302,651 

 $ 
 (19,848 
 ) 

 (6.9 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (61,966 
 ) 

 (20.5 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 21,881 

 3,569 

 25,450 

 23,347 

 955 

 24,302 

 1,466 

 6.3 
 % 

 (1,148 
 ) 

 (4.7 
 %) 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 329,616 

 $ 
 60,451 

 $ 
 390,067 

 $ 
 311,234 

 $ 
 15,719 

 $ 
 326,953 

 $ 
 (18,382 
 ) 

 (5.9 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (63,114 
 ) 

 (19.3 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 158,567 

 22,470 

 181,037 

 143,161 

 6,476 

 149,637 

 15,406 

 10.8 
 % 

 31,400 

 21.0 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 72 
 % 

 n/a 

 71 
 % 

 70 
 % 

 n/a 

 70 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 85 

 10 

 95 

 85 

 7 

 92 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 
 The table below represents operating information for the lodging segment and for the same store portfolio of properties acquired prior to January 1,
2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the entire years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

 Lodging 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable)

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Lodging operating income 
 
 $ 
 454,395 

 $ 
 22,195 

 $ 
 476,590 

 $ 
 437,256 

 $ 
 2,769 

 $ 
 440,025 

 $ 
 17,139 

 3.9 
 % 
 
 $ 
 36,565 

 8.3 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Lodging operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 287,887 

 $ 
 14,764 

 $ 
 302,651 

 $ 
 275,200 

 $ 
 2,211 

 $ 
 277,411 

 $ 
 (12,687 
 ) 

 (4.6 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (25,240 
 ) 

 (9.1 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 23,347 

 955 

 24,302 

 24,504 

 269 

 24,773 

 1,157 

 4.7 
 % 

 471 

 1.9 
 % 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 311,234 

 $ 
 15,719 

 $ 
 326,953 

 $ 
 299,704 

 $ 
 2,480 

 $ 
 302,184 

 $ 
 (11,530 
 ) 

 (3.8 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (24,769 
 ) 

 (8.2 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 143,161 

 6,476 

 149,637 

 137,552 

 289 

 137,841 

 5,609 

 4.1 
 % 

 11,796 

 8.6 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 70 
 % 

 n/a 

 70 
 % 

 66 
 % 

 n/a 

 66 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 85 

 7 

 92 

 85 

 7 

 92 

 -46-

 Table of Contents 

 Office Segment Our office portfolio has remained consistent on a total segment basis as net operating income slightly decreased from $136,469 to $133,614 and to $132,050 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2010
and 2011, respectively. On a same store basis, net operating income is down approximately 2.7% comparing the years ended December 31, 2011 to 2010 and 6.3% comparing the years ended December 31, 2010 to 2009. For the same comparative
periods, rental income is down 2.2% and 4.3%, respectively. This correlation can be attributed to a decrease in occupancy coupled with releasing at rates lower than expiring lease rental rates. 
 Although we see market rates continuing to decrease from the current rates, occupancy is stable at 92% with limited lease rollover in the next three to
five years. 

 Total Office Properties 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Office Properties 

 Physical occupancy 

 92 
 % 

 94 
 % 

 96 
 % 
 
 Economic occupancy 

 92 
 % 

 94 
 % 

 96 
 % 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 
 $ 
 15.17 

 $ 
 15.17 

 $ 
 14.97 

 Gross investment in properties 
 
 $ 
 1,927,181 

 $ 
 2,024,202 

 $ 
 2,076,959 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2010. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Office 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable)

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 143,759 

 $ 
 3,500 

 $ 
 147,259 

 $ 
 147,052 

 $ 
 606 

 $ 
 147,658 

 $ 
 (3,293 
 ) 

 (2.2 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (399 
 ) 

 (0.3 
 %) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 24,199 

 1,101 

 25,300 

 26,195 

 224 

 26,419 

 (1,996 
 ) 

 (7.6 
 %) 

 (1,119 
 ) 

 (4.2 
 %) 
 
 Other property income 

 3,857 

 28 

 3,885 

 4,229 

 (2 
 ) 

 4,227 

 (372 
 ) 

 (8.8 
 %) 

 (342 
 ) 

 (8.1 
 %) 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 171,815 

 $ 
 4,629 

 $ 
 176,444 

 $ 
 177,476 

 $ 
 828 

 $ 
 178,304 

 $ 
 (5,661 
 ) 

 (3.2 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (1,860 
 ) 

 (1.0 
 %) 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 29,958 

 $ 
 1,094 

 $ 
 31,052 

 $ 
 31,008 

 $ 
 (28 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 30,980 

 $ 
 1,050 

 3.4 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (72 
 ) 

 (0.2 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 12,474 

 868 

 13,342 

 13,512 

 198 

 13,710 

 1,038 

 7.7 
 % 

 368 

 2.7 
 % 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 42,432 

 $ 
 1,962 

 $ 
 44,394 

 $ 
 44,520 

 $ 
 170 

 $ 
 44,690 

 $ 
 2,088 

 4.7 
 % 
 
 $ 
 296 

 0.7 
 % 

 Net operating income 

 129,383 

 2,667 

 132,050 

 132,956 

 658 

 133,614 

 (3,573 
 ) 

 (2.7 
 %) 

 (1,564 
 ) 

 (1.2 
 %) 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 93 
 % 

 n/a 

 92 
 % 

 95 
 % 

 n/a 

 95 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 40 

 3 

 43 

 40 

 3 

 43 

 -47-

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 
 The table below represents operating information for the office segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

 Office 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total
Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 117,228 

 $ 
 30,430 

 $ 
 147,658 

 $ 
 122,434 

 $ 
 25,288 

 $ 
 147,722 

 $ 
 (5,206 
 ) 

 (4.3 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (64 
 ) 

 (0.1 
 %) 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 25,286 

 1,133 

 26,419 

 26,979 

 1,097 

 28,076 

 (1,693 
 ) 

 (6.3 
 %) 

 (1,657 
 ) 

 (5.9 
 %) 
 
 Other property income 

 4,218 

 9 

 4,227 

 6,055 

 17 

 6,072 

 (1,837 
 ) 

 (30.3 
 %) 

 (1,845 
 ) 

 (30.4 
 %) 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 146,732 

 $ 
 31,572 

 $ 
 178,304 

 $ 
 155,468 

 $ 
 26,402 

 $ 
 181,870 

 $ 
 (8,736 
 ) 

 (5.6 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (3,566 
 ) 

 (2.0 
 %) 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 27,846 

 $ 
 3,134 

 $ 
 30,980 

 $ 
 28,575 

 $ 
 2,278 

 $ 
 30,853 

 $ 
 729 

 2.6 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (127 
 ) 

 (0.4 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 13,018 

 692 

 13,710 

 14,004 

 544 

 14,548 

 986 

 7.0 
 % 

 838 

 5.8 
 % 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 40,864 

 $ 
 3,826 

 $ 
 44,690 

 $ 
 42,579 

 $ 
 2,822 

 $ 
 45,401 

 $ 
 1,715 

 4.0 
 % 
 
 $ 
 711 

 1.6 
 % 

 Net operating income 

 105,868 

 27,746 

 133,614 

 112,889 

 23,580 

 136,469 

 (7,021 
 ) 

 (6.2 
 %) 

 (2,855 
 ) 

 (2.1 
 %) 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 94 
 % 

 n/a 

 95 
 % 

 96 
 % 

 n/a 

 96 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 34 

 9 

 43 

 34 

 6 

 40 

 Industrial Segment During 2011, our industrial holdings continued to experience high economic occupancy and maintained consistent rental rates, which is reflected in same store net operating income decrease of less than 1%
for the year ended December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011. In early 2010, we acquired charter schools and correctional facilities consisting of nine properties under long-term triple net leases. These acquisitions contributed to total
segment net operating income for December 31, 2010 exceeding the prior year by $11,023 or 15.2%. On a same store basis for the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to December 31, 2009, we saw net operating income decrease $3,908, or
5.5%, which was a result of increased lease rates. Rental rates are expected to remain consistent in 2012 for our specialty distribution
centers and slightly increase for our distribution centers constructed in the past ten years as well as our charter school and correctional facilities. 

 Total Industrial Properties 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Industrial Properties 

 Physical occupancy 

 91 
 % 

 92 
 % 

 95 
 % 
 
 Economic occupancy 

 92 
 % 

 92 
 % 

 96 
 % 
 
 Base rent per square foot 
 
 $ 
 5.81 

 $ 
 5.74 

 $ 
 5.46 

 Gross investment in properties 
 
 $ 
 1,102,041 

 $ 
 1,093,330 

 $ 
 1,012,545 

 -48-

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2010. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

 Industrial 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total
Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 81,154 

 $ 
 7,627 

 $ 
 88,781 

 $ 
 82,160 

 $ 
 5,444 

 $ 
 87,604 

 $ 
 (1,006 
 ) 

 (1.2 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 1,177 

 1.3 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 3,803 

 162 

 3,965 

 2,318 

 0 

 2,318 

 1,485 

 64.1 
 % 

 1,647 

 71.1 
 % 
 
 Other property income 

 138 

 1,050 

 1,188 

 63 

 1,041 

 1,104 

 75 

 119.0 
 % 

 84 

 7.6 
 % 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 85,095 

 $ 
 8,839 

 $ 
 93,934 

 $ 
 84,541 

 $ 
 6,485 

 $ 
 91,026 

 $ 
 554 

 0.7 
 % 
 
 $ 
 2,908 

 3.2 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 5,016 

 $ 
 510 

 $ 
 5,526 

 $ 
 5,160 

 $ 
 9 

 $ 
 5,169 

 $ 
 144 

 2.8 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (357 
 ) 

 (6.9 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 3,873 

 165 

 4,038 

 2,464 

 0 

 2,464 

 (1,409 
 ) 

 (57.2 
 %) 

 (1,574 
 ) 

 (63.9 
 %) 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 8,889 

 $ 
 675 

 $ 
 9,564 

 $ 
 7,624 

 $ 
 9 

 $ 
 7,633 

 $ 
 (1,265 
 ) 

 (16.6 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (1,931 
 ) 

 (25.3 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 76,206 

 8,164 

 84,370 

 76,917 

 6,476 

 83,393 

 (711 
 ) 

 (0.9 
 %) 

 977 

 1.2 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 93 
 % 

 n/a 

 93 
 % 

 95 
 % 

 n/a 

 95 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 64 

 10 

 74 

 64 

 9 

 71 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 
 The table below represents operating information for the industrial segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

 Industrial 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Same Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 72,191 

 $ 
 15,413 

 $ 
 87,604 

 $ 
 75,154 

 $ 
 236 

 $ 
 75,390 

 $ 
 (2,963 
 ) 

 (3.9 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 12,214 

 16.2 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 2,318 

 0 

 2,318 

 3,918 

 0 

 3,918 

 (1,600 
 ) 

 (40.8 
 %) 

 (1,600 
 ) 

 (40.8 
 %) 
 
 Other property income 

 63 

 1,041 

 1,104 

 83 

 1,000 

 1,083 

 (20 
 ) 

 (24.1 
 %) 

 21 

 1.9 
 % 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 74,572 

 $ 
 16,454 

 $ 
 91,026 

 $ 
 79,155 

 $ 
 1,236 

 $ 
 80,391 

 $ 
 (4,583 
 ) 

 (5.8 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 10,635 

 13.2 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 4,882 

 $ 
 287 

 $ 
 5,169 

 $ 
 4,987 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 4,987 

 $ 
 105 

 2.1 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (182 
 ) 

 (3.6 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 2,464 

 0 

 2,464 

 3,034 

 0 

 3,034 

 570 

 18.8 
 % 

 570 

 18.8 
 % 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 7,346 

 $ 
 287 

 $ 
 7,633 

 $ 
 8,021 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 8,021 

 $ 
 675 

 8.4 
 % 
 
 $ 
 388 

 4.8 
 % 

 Net operating income 

 67,226 

 16,167 

 83,393 

 71,134 

 1,236 

 72,370 

 (3,908 
 ) 

 (5.5 
 %) 

 11,023 

 15.2 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 95 
 % 

 n/a 

 95 
 % 

 97 
 % 

 n/a 

 97 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 63 

 8 

 71 

 63 

 8 

 71 

 -49-

 Table of Contents 

 Multi-family Segment Our multi-family portfolio continues to perform remarkably well with net operating income increasing $11,069 or 26.8% on a total segment basis for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2010 and $8,457 or 25.7% for the year ended December 31, 2010 compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. The significant increases are a result of increased occupancy coupled with increased rental rates and
decrease in concessions, specifically in 2011. On a same store basis, net operating income increased $6,218 or 16.7% for the year ended December 31, 2011 compared to the year ended December 31, 2010 and $861 or 2.9% for the year ended
December 31, 2010 compared to the year ended December 31, 2009. The same store increases mirror the total segment increases and are consistent with the conventional multi-family and the student housing portfolios. 
 During 2010 and 2011, we acquired 3,833 units, placed in service 482 units, and disposed of 1,239 units. As of December 31, 2011, we had five
student housing properties. We anticipate placing three additional student housing properties in service; two in the fall of 2012 and one in the fall of 2013. We anticipate placing one additional conventional multi-family property in service in the
spring of 2013. We expect to see rates in the student housing and conventional multi-family continue to rise in 2012 and occupancy to remain consistent with 2011. 

 Total Multi-family Properties 

 As of December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Multi-Family Properties 

 Economic occupancy 

 92 
 % 

 91 
 % 

 84 
 % 
 
 End of month scheduled base rent per unit per month 
 
 $ 
 881 

 $ 
 861 

 $ 
 864 

 Gross investment in properties 
 
 $ 
 887,496 

 $ 
 892,693 

 $ 
 810,574 
 
 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2010. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. 

 Multi-family 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011 

 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 Same
Store Portfolio Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable)

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 78,216 

 $ 
 14,358 

 $ 
 92,574 

 $ 
 73,157 

 $ 
 8,806 

 $ 
 81,963 

 $ 
 5,059 

 6.9 
 % 
 
 $ 
 10,611 

 12.9 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 465 

 1 

 466 

 373 

 0 

 373 

 92 

 24.7 
 % 

 93 

 24.9 
 % 
 
 Other property income 

 6,441 

 1,188 

 7,629 

 5,901 

 679 

 6,580 

 540 

 9.2 
 % 

 1,049 

 15.9 
 % 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 85,122 

 $ 
 15,547 

 $ 
 100,669 

 $ 
 79,431 

 $ 
 9,485 

 $ 
 88,916 

 $ 
 5,691 

 7.2 
 % 
 
 $ 
 11,753 

 13.2 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 32,717 

 $ 
 4,068 

 $ 
 36,785 

 $ 
 32,545 

 $ 
 3,130 

 $ 
 35,675 

 $ 
 (172 
 ) 

 (0.53 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (1,110 
 ) 

 (3.1 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 8,851 

 2,644 

 11,495 

 9,550 

 2,372 

 11,922 

 699 

 7.3 
 % 

 427 

 3.6 
 % 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 41,568 

 $ 
 6,712 

 $ 
 48,280 

 $ 
 42,095 

 $ 
 5,502 

 $ 
 47,597 

 $ 
 527 

 1.3 
 % 
 
 $ 
 (683 
 ) 

 (1.4 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 43,554 

 8,835 

 52,389 

 37,336 

 3,983 

 41,319 

 6,218 

 16.7 
 % 

 11,070 

 26.8 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 92 
 % 

 n/a 

 92 
 % 

 89 
 % 

 n/a 

 88 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 23 

 3 

 26 

 23 

 3 

 26 

 -50-

 Table of Contents 

 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 
 The table below represents operating information for the multi-family segment and for the same store portfolio consisting of properties acquired prior to
January 1, 2009. The properties in the same store portfolio were owned for the years ended December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. 

 Multi-family 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2010 

 For the year ended December 31, 2009 

 Same Store Portfolio Change 
Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Total 
Company Change Favorable/ (Unfavorable) 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Same Store Portfolio 

 Non-Same Store 

 Total Company 

 Amount 

 % 

 Amount 

 % 

 Revenues: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 56,181 

 $ 
 25,782 

 $ 
 81,963 

 $ 
 54,828 

 $ 
 7,669 

 $ 
 62,497 

 $ 
 1,353 

 2.5 
 % 
 
 $ 
 19,466 

 31.1 
 % 
 
 Tenant recovery incomes 

 353 

 20 

 373 

 294 

 1 

 295 

 59 

 20.1 
 % 

 78 

 26.4 
 % 
 
 Other property income 

 4,432 

 2,148 

 6,580 

 4,009 

 872 

 4,881 

 423 

 10.6 
 % 

 1,699 

 34.8 
 % 

 Total revenues 
 
 $ 
 60,966 

 $ 
 27,950 

 $ 
 88,916 

 $ 
 59,131 

 $ 
 8,542 

 $ 
 67,673 

 $ 
 1,835 

 3.1 
 % 
 
 $ 
 21,243 

 31.4 
 % 

 Expenses: 

 Property operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 24,312 

 $ 
 11,363 

 $ 
 35,675 

 $ 
 22,762 

 $ 
 2,877 

 $ 
 25,639 

 $ 
 (1,550 
 ) 

 (6.8 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (10,036 
 ) 

 (39.1 
 %) 
 
 Real estate taxes 

 6,349 

 5,573 

 11,922 

 6,925 

 2,247 

 9,172 

 576 

 8.3 
 % 

 (2,750 
 ) 

 (30.0 
 %) 

 Total operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 30,661 

 $ 
 16,936 

 $ 
 47,597 

 $ 
 29,687 

 $ 
 5,124 

 $ 
 34,811 

 $ 
 (974 
 ) 

 (3.3 
 %) 
 
 $ 
 (12,786 
 ) 

 (36.7 
 %) 

 Net operating income 

 30,305 

 11,014 

 41,319 

 29,444 

 3,418 

 32,862 

 861 

 2.9 
 % 

 8,457 

 25.7 
 % 

 Average occupancy for the period 

 91 
 % 

 n/a 

 88 
 % 

 89 
 % 

 n/a 

 88 
 % 

 Number of Properties 

 17 

 9 

 26 

 17 

 9 

 26 

 Developments We have development projects that are in various stages of pre-development and development which are funded by borrowings secured by the properties. Specifically identifiable direct development and
construction costs are capitalized, including, where applicable, salaries and related costs, real estate taxes and interest incurred in developing the property. These developments encompass the retail and multi-family segments. 
 The properties under development and all amounts set forth below are as of December 31, 2011. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands.) 

 Name 
 
 Location (City, State) 
 
 Property Type 
 
 Square Feet 

 Total Costs Incurred to Date ($) 

 Total Estimated Costs ($) (a) 

 Remaining Costs to be Funded by Inland American ($) (b) 

 Note Payable as of December 31, 2011 ($) 

 Estimated Placed in Service Date (c) (d) 

 Woodbridge 
 
 Wylie, TX 
 
 Retail 

 519,745 

 31,312 

 69,019 

 0 

 16,280 

 (e) 
 
 Stone Creek 
 
 San Marcos, TX 
 
 Retail 

 469,741 

 18,709 

 72,009 

 0 

 10,135 

 (e) 
 
 Cityville/Cityplace 
 
 Dallas, TX 
 
 Multi-family 

 356 units 

 29,179 

 63,615 

 0 

 1 

 Q1 2013 
 
 UH at UCF 
 
 Orlando, FL 
 
 Student Housing 

 416 units 

 44,946 

 67,158 

 0 

 20,328 

 Q2 &#150;Q3 2012 
 
 UH at Fullerton 
 
 Fullerton, CA 
 
 Student Housing 

 350 units 

 74,167 

 133,501 

 0 

 17,708 

 Q2 &#150;Q3 2013 
 
 ASU Housing 
 
 Mesa, AZ 
 
 Student Housing 

 77 units 

 4,259 

 13,464 

 11 

 1 

 Q3 2012 

 (a) 
 The Total Estimated Costs represent 100% of the development&#146;s estimated costs, including the acquisition cost of the land and building, if any. The Total Estimated
Costs are subject to change upon, or prior to, the completion of the development and include amounts required to lease the property. 

 (b) 
 We anticipate funding remaining development through construction financing secured by the properties. 

 (c) 
 The Estimated Placed in Service Date represents the date the certificate of occupancy is currently anticipated to be obtained. Subsequent to obtaining the certificate
of occupancy, each property will go through a lease-up period. 

 (d) 
 Leasing activities related to multi-family properties do not begin until six to nine months prior to the placed in service date. 

 (e) 
 Stone Creek and Woodbridge are retail shopping centers and development is planned to be completed in phases. As the construction and lease-up of individual phases are
completed, the respective phase will be placed in service resulting in a range of estimated placed in service dates through 2016. The Stone Creek and Woodbridge developments were pre-leased at 83% and 87%, respectively, as of December 31, 2011.
The Percentage Pre-Leased represents the percentage of square feet leased of the total square footage built or under construction. 
 -51-

 Table of Contents 

 As part of our restructure and foreclosure of the Stan Thomas note, we began overseeing as the secured
lender certain roadway and utility infrastructure projects that will provide access to the 240 acre Sacramento Railyards property. The Railyards property is located immediately adjacent to, and to the north of, Sacramento&#146;s central business
district. The infrastructure projects were planned, approved and funded prior to the foreclosure of the Stan Thomas note. The Railyards property is the subject of a collaborative planning and infrastructure funding effort of various federal, state
and local municipalities, and its development is scheduled to be completed in phases during the years 2013-2030. We are currently engaged in efforts both to either sell parcels within the Railyards or to sell the entire property to a master
developer. The current book value of the Railyards property is $117.9 million as of December 31, 2011. Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates General 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect
amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. This section discusses those critical accounting policies and estimates. These judgments often result from the need to make estimates about the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. GAAP requires information in financial statements about accounting principles, methods used and disclosures pertaining to significant estimates. This discussion addresses our judgment pertaining to trends,
events or uncertainties known which were taken into consideration upon the application of those policies. Acquisitions
 We allocate the purchase price of each acquired business between tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the
transaction. Such tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above
or below market terms. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the
purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. We expense acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All
costs related to finding, analyzing and negotiating a transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an
affiliate of our business manager. Impairment We assess the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable, such as a
reduction in the expected holding period of the asset. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value, we are required to record an impairment loss to the extent that
the carrying value exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions
about uncertain inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. We also evaluate our
equity method investments for impairment indicators. The valuation analysis considers the investment positions in relation to the underlying business and activities of our investment and identities potential declines in fair value. An impairment
loss should be recognized if a decline in value of the investment has occurred that is considered to be other than temporary, without ability to recover or sustain operations that would support the value of the investment. 
 -52-

 Table of Contents 

 Cost Capitalization and Depreciation Policies 
 Our policy is to review all expenses paid and capitalize any items which are deemed to be an upgrade or a tenant improvement. These costs are capitalized
and included in the investment properties classification as an addition to buildings and improvements. Buildings and improvements are
depreciated on a straight-line basis based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for buildings and improvements, and 5-15 years for site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment. Tenant improvements are depreciated on a straight-line
basis over the life of the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market costs and acquired below market costs is amortized on a straight-line basis over
the life of the related lease as an adjustment to net rental income. Acquired in-place lease costs, customer relationship value and other leasing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the related lease as a component of
amortization expense. Cost capitalization and the estimate of useful lives requires our judgment and includes significant estimates that can
and do change based on our process which periodically analyzes each property and on our assumptions about uncertain inherent factors. 
 Investment in Marketable Securities We classify our investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in
the near term. Held-to-maturity securities are those securities in which we have the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment
in securities at December 31, 2011 and 2010 consists of common stock investments and investments in commercial mortgage backed securities that are all classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized
holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are
determined on a specific identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is
charged to earnings and a new cost basis for the security is established. When a security is impaired, management considers whether we have the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in
market value and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the
impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of the investee. Revenue Recognition
 We commence revenue recognition on our leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins
when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the
nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a lease begins. If we are the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes
possession of the finished space, typically when the improvements are substantially complete. If we conclude we are not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved
space and any tenant improvement allowances funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, we begin revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of
the unimproved space for the lessee to construct their own improvements. We consider a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include:
 
 -53-

 Table of Contents 

 &#149; 
 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 

 &#149; 
 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 

 &#149; 
 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 

 &#149; 
 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 

 &#149; 
 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, we consider all of the above factors. No one factor,
however, necessarily establishes its determination. We recognize rental income on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease. The
difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Due to the impact of the straight-line basis, rental income generally is greater than the cash collected in the early years and decreases in the later years of a lease. We periodically review the
collectability of outstanding receivables. Allowances are taken for those balances that we deem to be uncollectible, including any amounts relating to straight-line rent receivables. Reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate tax and operating expenses are accrued as revenue in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. We make certain assumptions and judgments in
estimating the reimbursements at the end of each reporting period. We do not expect the actual results to significantly differ from the estimated reimbursement. In conjunction with certain acquisitions, we may receive payments under master lease agreements pertaining to certain non-revenue producing spaces either at the time of, or subsequent to the purchase of
some of our properties. These master leases may be established at the time of purchase in order to mitigate the potential negative effects of loss of rent and expense reimbursements. Master lease payments are received through a draw of funds
escrowed at the time of purchase and may cover a period from six months to three years. These funds may be released to either us or the seller when certain leasing conditions are met. Funds received by third party escrow agents, from sellers,
pertaining to master lease agreements are included in restricted cash. We record such escrows as both an asset and a corresponding liability, until certain leasing conditions are met. We will recognize lease termination income if there is a signed termination letter agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, collectability is reasonably assured and the tenant is
no longer occupying the property. Upon early lease termination, we will provide for losses related to unrecovered intangibles and other assets. 
 We recognize lodging operating revenue on an accrual basis consistent with operations. Consolidation We evaluate our investments in limited liability companies and
partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). If the entity is a VIE, the determination of whether we are the primary beneficiary must be made. We will consolidate a VIE if we are deemed to be
the primary beneficiary, as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied to entities in which we are not the
primary beneficiary as defined in the Consolidation Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and we do not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations and major decisions. 
 -54-

 Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes We operate in a manner intended to enable each entity to qualify as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under those sections, a REIT that distributes at
least 90% of its &#147;REIT taxable income&#148; determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and by excluding any net capital gain to its stockholders each year and that meets certain other conditions will not be taxed on that
portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders. If we fail to distribute the required amount of income to our stockholders, or fail to meet the various REIT requirements, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, we
may fail to qualify as a REIT and substantial adverse tax consequences may result. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property, or net worth, and to federal income and excise
taxes on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, taxable income from non-REIT activities managed through taxable REIT subsidiaries is subject to federal, state and local income taxes. Liquidity and Capital Resources We continually evaluate the economic and credit
environment and its impact on our business. Maintaining significant capital reserves has become a priority for all companies including us. We believe we are appropriately positioned to have significant cash to utilize in executing our strategy. Our
objectives are to maximize revenue for our existing properties and further enhance the value of our segments that produce attractive current yield and long-term risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders and to generate sustainable and predictable
cash flow from our operations to distribute to our stockholders. Our principal demands for funds will be: 

 &#149; 
 
 to pay our expenses and the operating expenses of our properties; 

 &#149; 
 
 to make distributions to our stockholders; 

 &#149; 
 
 to service or pay-down our debt; 

 &#149; 
 
 to fund capital expenditures; 

 &#149; 
 
 to invest in properties; 

 &#149; 
 
 to fund joint ventures and development investments; and 

 &#149; 
 
 to fund our share repurchase program. Generally, our cash needs will be funded from: 

 &#149; 
 
 income earned on our investment properties; 

 &#149; 
 
 interest income on investments and dividend and gain on sale income earned on our investment in marketable securities; 

 &#149; 
 
 distributions from our joint venture investments; 

 &#149; 
 
 proceeds from sales of properties; 

 &#149; 
 
 proceeds from borrowings on properties; and 

 &#149; 
 
 issuance of shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. Distributions We declared cash distributions to our stockholders per weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011 totaling $429.6 million or $.50 per share. These cash distributions were paid with $398 million from our cash flow from operations, $34
million provided by distributions from unconsolidated entities, as well as $6.1 million from gain on sales of properties. 
 -55-

 Table of Contents 

 One of our objectives is to provide cash distributions to our stockholders from cash generated by our
operations. The following chart summarizes the sources of our cash used to pay distributions. Our primary source of cash is cash flow provided by operating activities from our investments as presented in our cash flow statement. We also include
distributions from unconsolidated entities related to distributions provided by investments in unconsolidated entities since the underlying real estate operations in these entities generate these cash flows. Gain on sales of properties relate to net
profits from the sale of certain properties. Our presentation is not intended to be an alternative to our consolidated statements of cash flow and does not present all the sources and uses of our cash. 
 The following chart presents a historical view of our distribution coverage. 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2008 

 2007 

 Cash flow provided by operations 
 
 $ 
 397,949 

 356,660 

 369,031 

 384,365 

 263,420 

 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 
 
 $ 
 33,954 

 31,737 

 32,081 

 41,704 

 &#151; 

 Gain on sales of properties (1) 
 
 $ 
 6,141 

 55,412 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Distributions declared 
 
 $ 
 (429,599 
 ) 

 (417,885 
 ) 

 (405,337 
 ) 

 (418,694 
 ) 

 (242,606 
 ) 

 Excess (deficiency) 
 
 $ 
 8,445 

 25,924 

 (4,225 
 ) 

 7,375 

 20,814 

 (1) 
 Excludes gains reflected on impaired values and transfer of assets. Acquisitions and Investments We completed approximately $449.3 million of real
estate acquisitions in 2011 and $897.4 million of real estate acquisitions in 2010. These acquisitions were consummated through our subsidiaries and were funded with available cash, mortgage indebtedness, and the proceeds from the distribution
reinvestment plan. Stock Offering We have completed two public offerings of our common stock as well as a public offering of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan, or &#147;DRP.&#148; On March 16, 2011, we commenced a
new public offering of shares of common stock under our DRP, pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 filed under the Securities Act. The purchase price under the DRP is currently equal to $7.22 per share. We will offer shares pursuant to
the DRP until the earlier of March 16, 2015 or the date we sell all $803.0 million worth of shares in the offering. As of December 31, 2011, we had raised a total of approximately $8.6 billion of gross offering proceeds as a result of all
of our offerings (inclusive of distribution reinvestments and net of redemptions). During the year ended December 31, 2011, we sold a
total of 24,855,275 shares and generated $200.0 million in gross offering proceeds under the DRP, as compared to 6,251,081 shares and $50.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2010. Our average distribution reinvestment plan
participation was 47% for the year ended December 31, 2011, compared to 50% for the year ended December 31, 2010. Share
Repurchase Program Our board adopted an Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, which was effective from April 11, 2011
through January 31, 2012 (the &#147;First Amended Program&#148;). Our board subsequently adopted a Second Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, which became effective as of February 1, 2012 (the &#147;Second Amended
Program&#148;). Under the First Amended Program, we were permitted to repurchase shares of our common stock, on a quarterly basis, upon the
death of the beneficial owners of our shares. We were authorized to repurchase shares at a price per share equal to 90% of the most recently disclosed estimated per share value of our common stock, which, on
 
 -56-

 Table of Contents 

each of the relevant repurchase dates, was equal to $7.23 per share. Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the First Amended Program was conditioned upon our having sufficient funds
available to complete the repurchase. Our board had reserved $5.0 million per calendar quarter for this purpose. If our funds were insufficient to repurchase all of the shares for which repurchase requests have been submitted in a particular
quarter, or if the number of shares accepted for repurchase would cause us to exceed the 5.0% limit set forth in the First Amended Program, we would repurchase the shares in chronological order, based upon the beneficial owner&#146;s date of death.
 Under the Second Amended Program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock, on a quarterly basis, from the beneficiary of a stockholder
that has died or from stockholders that have a &#147;qualifying disability&#148; or are confined to a &#147;long-term care facility&#148; (together, referred to herein as &#147;hardship repurchases&#148;). We are authorized to repurchase shares at a
price per share equal to 100% of the most recently disclosed estimated per share value of our common stock, which currently is equal to $7.22 per share. Our obligation to repurchase any shares under the Second Amended Program is conditioned upon our
having sufficient funds available to complete the repurchase. Our board has initially reserved $10.0 million per calendar quarter for the purpose of funding repurchases associated with death and $15.0 million per calendar quarter for the purpose of
funding hardship repurchases. If the funds reserved for either category of repurchase under the Second Amended Program are insufficient to repurchase all of the shares for which repurchase requests have been received for a particular quarter, or if
the number of shares accepted for repurchase would cause us to exceed the 5.0% limit set forth therein, we will repurchase the shares in the following order: (1) for death repurchases, we will repurchase shares in chronological order, based
upon the beneficial owner&#146;s date of death; and (2) for hardship repurchases, we will repurchase shares on a pro rata basis, up to, but not in excess of, the limits described herein; provided, that in the event that the repurchase would
result in a stockholder owning less than 150 shares, we will repurchase all of that stockholder&#146;s shares. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, we received requests for the repurchase of 3,613,538 shares of our common stock. Of these requests, we repurchased 2,074,689 shares of common stock for $15 million. There are requests for an additional 1,538,849 shares
remaining outstanding, which will be included with all other shares for which we have received repurchase requests in the next calendar quarter in which funds are available (unless withdrawn). The price per share for all shares repurchased during
the year ended December 31, 2011 was $7.23 and all repurchases were funded from proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 Borrowings The table below
presents, on a consolidated basis, the principal amount, weighted average interest rates and maturity date (by year) on our mortgage debt as of December 31, 2011 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Maturing debt : 

 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 
 $ 
 143,969 

 540,342 

 250,235 

 333,596 

 537,296 

 2,506,507 

 4,311,945 

 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 
 
 $ 
 527,409 

 405,611 

 332,341 

 94,707 

 37,642 

 102,940 

 1,500,650 

 Weighted average interest rate on debt: 

 Fixed rate debt (mortgage loans) 

 5.89 
 % 

 5.71 
 % 

 5.50 
 % 

 5.52 
 % 

 5.69 
 % 

 5.86 
 % 

 5.77 
 % 
 
 Variable rate debt (mortgage loans) 

 3.37 
 % 

 3.42 
 % 

 3.40 
 % 

 5.35 
 % 

 4.43 
 % 

 3.93 
 % 

 3.58 
 % 
 The debt maturity excludes mortgage discounts associated with debt assumed at acquisition of which a discount of $30.7
million, net of accumulated amortization, is outstanding as of December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately
$671 million and $946 million in mortgage debt maturing in 2012 and 2013, respectively. Subsequent to December 31, 2011, we have refinanced or extended approximately $200 million of the debt maturing in 2012. We are currently negotiating
refinancing the remaining 2012 debt 
 -57-

 Table of Contents 

with the existing lenders at terms that will most likely be at lower rates. We currently anticipate that we will be able to repay or refinance all of our debt on a timely basis, and believe we
have adequate sources of funds to meet our short term cash needs. However, there can be no assurance that we can obtain such refinancing on satisfactory terms. Continued volatility in the capital markets could expose us to the risk of not being able
to borrow on terms and conditions acceptable to us for future acquisitions or refinancings. Mortgage loans outstanding as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010 were $5.8 billion and $5.5 billion, respectively, and had a weighted average interest rate of 5.2% and 5.1% per annum, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we borrowed $58.8 and
$33.8 million, respectively, against our portfolio of marketable securities. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, we borrowed approximately $1.2 billion and $432.9 million, respectively, secured by mortgages on our properties and
assumed $0 and $457.9 million, respectively, of debt at acquisition. Summary of Cash Flows 

 Year ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 (In thousands) 

 Cash provided by operating activities 
 
 $ 
 397,949 

 $ 
 356,660 

 $ 
 369,031 

 Cash used in investing activities 

 (286,896 
 ) 

 (380,685 
 ) 

 (563,163 
 ) 
 
 Cash used in financing activities 

 (160,597 
 ) 

 (208,759 
 ) 

 (250,602 
 ) 

 Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

 (49,544 
 ) 

 (232,784 
 ) 

 (444,734 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

 267,707 

 500,491 

 945,225 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 
 
 $ 
 218,163 

 $ 
 267,707 

 $ 
 500,491 

 Cash provided by operating activities was $398, $357 and $369 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010
and 2009, respectively, and was generated primarily from operating income from property operations, and interest and dividends. The increase in cash flows from the years ended December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011 was primarily due to the
improved performance of the lodging and multi-family segments. The decrease in cash flows from the years ended December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 was primarily due to a decrease in interest and dividend income and an increase in
interest expenses. Cash used in investing activities was $287, $381 and $563 million for years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. The decrease in cash used in investing activities from the years ended December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011 was primarily due to the proceeds from the sale of unconsolidated entities. The decrease in cash used in investing
activities from the years ended December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 was primarily due to the decrease in investment property purchases from 48 properties during the year ended December 31, 2009 to 35 properties during the year
ended December 31, 2010. The cash used was offset by cash received from the sale of 14 investment properties during the year ended December 31, 2010. There were no property sales during the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 Cash used in financing activities was $161, $209 and $251 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The decrease
in cash used in financing activities from the years ended December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011 was primarily due to the increase in proceeds from our mortgage debt. Similarly, the decrease in cash used in financing activities from the
years ended December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 was also primarily due to the increase in proceeds from our mortgage debt. We
consider all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. We maintain our cash and cash
equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurance coverage
 
 -58-

 Table of Contents 

and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. Contractual Obligations The table below presents, on a consolidated basis, obligations and
commitments to make future payments under debt obligations (including interest), lease agreements, and margin accounts on our marketable securities portfolio as of December 31, 2011 (dollar amounts are stated in thousands). 

 Payments due by period 

 Less than 

 More than 

 Total 

 1 year 

 1-3 years 

 3-5 years 

 5 years 

 Long-Term Debt Obligations 
 
 $ 
 7,949,071 

 263,149 

 2,929,472 

 2,625,353 

 2,131,097 

 Ground Lease Payments 
 
 $ 
 14,113 

 259 

 781 

 784 

 12,289 

 Margins Payable 
 
 $ 
 120,858 

 120,858 

 0 

 0 

 0 
 
 We have acquired several properties subject to the obligation to pay the seller additional monies depending on the future
leasing and occupancy of the property. These earnout payments are based on a predetermined formula. Each earnout agreement has a time limit regarding the obligation to pay any additional monies. If at the end of the time period, certain space has
not been leased and occupied, we will not have any further obligation. Assuming all the conditions are satisfied, as of December 31, 2011, we would be obligated to pay as much as $22 million in the future as vacant space covered by these
earnout agreements is occupied and becomes rent producing. The information in the above table does not reflect these contractual obligations. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures Unconsolidated joint ventures are those where we have substantial influence over but do not control the entity. We account for our interest in these ventures using the equity method of accounting. For
additional discussion of our investments in joint ventures. Please refer to Note 5 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7. Our ownership percentage and related investment in each joint
venture is summarized in the following table. (Dollar amounts stated in thousands.) 

 Joint Venture 
 
 Ownership % 

 Investment at December 31, 2011 

 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 

 85 
 % 
 
 $ 
 26,508 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 

 36 
 % 

 113,623 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 

 90 
 % 

 36,218 

 Brixmor/IA JV, LLC 

 (a 
 ) 

 103,567 

 Other Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

 Various 

 36,795 

 $ 
 316,711 

 (a) 
 We have preferred membership interest and are entitled to a 11% preferred dividend in Brixmor/IA JV, LLC (formerly Centro/IA JV LLC). 
 Subsequent Events None. 
 -59-

 Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
 We are subject to market risk associated with changes in interest rates both in terms of variable-rate debt and the price of new
fixed-rate debt upon maturity of existing debt and for acquisitions. We are also subject to market risk associated with our marketable securities investments. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. If market rates of interest on all of the
floating rate debt as of December 31, 2011 permanently increased by 1%, the increase in interest expense on the floating rate debt would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $15 million. If market rates of interest on all of
the floating rate debt as of December 31, 2011 permanently decreased by 1%, the decrease in interest expense on the floating rate debt would increase future earnings and cash flows by approximately $15 million. 
 With regard to our variable rate financing, we assess interest rate cash flow risk by continually identifying and monitoring changes in interest rate
exposures that may adversely impact expected future cash flows and by evaluating hedging opportunities. We maintain risk management control systems to monitor interest rate cash flow risk attributable to both of our outstanding or forecasted debt
obligations as well as our potential offsetting hedge positions. The risk management control systems involve the use of analytical techniques, including cash flow sensitivity analysis, to estimate the expected impact of changes in interest rates on
our future cash flows. We monitor interest rate risk using a variety of techniques, including periodically evaluating fixed interest rate
quotes on all variable rate debt and the costs associated with converting the debt to fixed rate debt. Also, existing fixed and variable rate loans that are scheduled to mature in the next year or two are evaluated for possible early refinancing and
or extension due to consideration given to current interest rates. We may use derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes
in interest rates on loans secured by our properties. To the extent we do, we are exposed to credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a
derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes us, which creates credit risk for us. When the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we owe the counterparty and, therefore, it does not possess credit risk. It is our policy to enter
into these transactions with the same party providing the financing. In the alternative, we seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with what we believe are high-quality counterparties. Market risk is
the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of
market risk that may be undertaken. We have entered into nine interest rate swap agreements that have converted $232.4 million or 15% of our
variable rate mortgage loans from variable to fixed rates. As of December 31, 2011, the pay rates ranged from 0.63% to 3.32% with maturity dates from January 13, 2012 to October 22, 2013. The interest rate swaps have a notional amount
of $289 million and fair value at $2.3 million and $3.5 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. We have, and may in the
future enter into, derivative positions that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. The gains or losses resulting from marking-to-market, these derivatives at the end of each reporting period are recognized as an increase or decrease in
&#147;interest expense&#148; on our consolidated statements of income. In addition, we are, and may in the future be, subject to additional expense based on the notional amount of the derivative positions and a specified spread over LIBOR.
 
 -60-

 Table of Contents 

 Equity Price Risk We are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our investments in marketable equity securities. Equity price risk is based on volatility of equity prices and the values of corresponding equity
indices. Other than temporary impairments on our investments in marketable securities were $24.4, $1.9 and $4.0 million for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The overall stock market and REIT stocks, including our REIT stock investments, have declined since mid-2007, which have resulted in our recognizing impairments. We believe that our investments
will continue to generate dividend income and, if the REIT market recovers, we could continue to recognize gains on sale. However, due to general economic and credit market uncertainties it is difficult to project where the REIT market and our
portfolio value will be in 2012. Although it is difficult to project what factors may affect the prices of equity sectors and how much the
effect might be, the table below illustrates the impact of a 10% increase and a 10% decrease in the price of the equities held by us would have on the value of the total assets and the book value of the Company as of December 31, 2011 (dollar
amounts stated in thousands). 

 Hypothetical 10% Decrease in 

 Hypothetical 10% Increase in 

 Cost 

 Fair Value 

 Market Value 

 Market Value 

 Equity securities 
 
 $ 
 230,241 

 274,274 

 246,847 

 301,701 

 -61-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Index Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data 

 Page 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 63 

 Financial Statements: 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2011 and 2010 

 64 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 
31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 65 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009 

 67 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009 

 70 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 73 

 Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

 104 
 
 Schedules not filed: All schedules other than the ones listed in the Index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes.
 
 -62-

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc.: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2011. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial statement schedule III. These consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedule are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the
information set forth therein. /S/ KPMG LLP Chicago, Illinois March 8, 2012 
 -63-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Assets 

 Assets: 

 Investment properties: 

 Land 
 
 $ 
 1,938,637 

 $ 
 1,883,486 

 Building and other improvements 

 8,465,602 

 8,411,621 

 Construction in progress 

 323,842 

 306,673 

 Total 

 10,728,081 

 10,601,780 

 Less accumulated depreciation 

 (1,301,899 
 ) 

 (1,038,829 
 ) 

 Net investment properties 

 9,426,182 

 9,562,951 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 218,163 

 267,707 

 Restricted cash and escrows 

 98,444 

 96,089 

 Investment in marketable securities 

 289,365 

 268,726 

 Investment in unconsolidated entities 

 316,711 

 573,274 

 Accounts and rents receivable (net of allowance of $9,488 and $7,905) 

 114,615 

 101,465 

 Intangible assets, net 

 326,332 

 386,916 

 Deferred costs and other assets 

 129,378 

 134,374 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 10,919,190 

 $ 
 11,391,502 

 Liabilities and Equity 

 Liabilities: 

 Mortgages, notes and margins payable, net 
 
 $ 
 5,902,712 

 $ 
 5,532,057 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 105,153 

 86,151 

 Distributions payable 

 36,216 

 35,267 

 Intangible liabilities, net 

 83,203 

 81,698 

 Other liabilities 

 128,592 

 128,805 

 Total liabilities 

 6,255,876 

 5,863,978 

 Noncontrolling redeemable interests 

 0 

 264,132 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Stockholders&#146; equity: 

 Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 40,000,000 shares authorized, none outstanding 

 0 

 0 

 Common stock, $.001 par value, 1,460,000,000 shares authorized, 869,187,360 and 846,406,774 shares issued and
outstanding 

 869 

 846 

 Additional paid in capital (net of offering costs of $828,434, of which $788,272 was paid to affiliates) 

 7,775,880 

 7,605,105 

 Accumulated distributions in excess of net loss 

 (3,155,222 
 ) 

 (2,409,370 
 ) 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

 41,948 

 49,430 

 Total Company stockholders&#146; equity 

 4,663,475 

 5,246,011 

 Noncontrolling interests 

 (161 
 ) 

 17,381 

 Total equity 

 4,663,314 

 5,263,392 

 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 $ 
 10,919,190 

 $ 
 11,391,502 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 -64-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 Income: 

 Rental income 
 
 $ 
 640,118 

 $ 
 605,665 

 $ 
 520,154 

 Tenant recovery income 

 93,816 

 87,730 

 80,072 

 Other property income 

 18,113 

 16,909 

 18,323 

 Lodging income 

 571,104 

 476,590 

 440,025 

 Total income 

 1,323,151 

 1,186,894 

 1,058,574 

 Expenses: 

 General and administrative expenses 

 31,033 

 36,668 

 43,499 

 Property operating expenses 

 137,281 

 128,906 

 106,368 

 Lodging operating expenses 

 364,617 

 302,651 

 277,411 

 Real estate taxes 

 94,511 

 87,315 

 80,344 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 430,049 

 416,110 

 371,225 

 Business management fee 

 40,000 

 36,000 

 39,000 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 105,795 

 3,180 

 1,117 

 Provision for goodwill impairment 

 0 

 0 

 26,676 

 Provision for notes receivable impairment 

 0 

 111,896 

 74,136 

 Total expenses 

 1,203,286 

 1,122,726 

 1,019,776 

 Operating income 
 
 $ 
 119,865 

 $ 
 64,168 

 $ 
 38,798 

 Interest and dividend income 

 22,869 

 33,068 

 55,161 

 Other income 

 19,160 

 1,771 

 599 

 Interest expense 

 (310,174 
 ) 

 (285,654 
 ) 

 (243,212 
 ) 
 
 Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities 

 (12,802 
 ) 

 (18,684 
 ) 

 (78,487 
 ) 
 
 Gain (impairment) of investment in unconsolidated entities, net 

 (106,023 
 ) 

 (11,239 
 ) 

 (7,443 
 ) 
 
 Gain (loss) on consolidated investment 

 0 

 433 

 (148,887 
 ) 
 
 Realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net 

 (16,219 
 ) 

 21,073 

 34,155 

 Loss before income taxes 
 
 $ 
 (283,324 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (195,064 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (349,316 
 ) 

 Income tax benefit (expense) 

 3,387 

 4,518 

 (627 
 ) 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 (279,937 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (190,546 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (349,943 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 
 
 $ 
 (29,608 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 23,254 

 $ 
 (39,066 
 ) 

 Net loss 
 
 $ 
 (309,545 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (167,292 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (389,009 
 ) 

 Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 (6,708 
 ) 

 (9,139 
 ) 

 (8,951 
 ) 

 Net loss attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (316,253 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (176,431 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (397,960 
 ) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 -65-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 Other comprehensive income (loss): 

 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities 

 (24,950 
 ) 

 40,491 

 65,068 

 Reversal of unrealized (gain) loss to realized gain (loss) on investment securities 

 16,219 

 (21,073 
 ) 

 (34,155 
 ) 
 
 Unrealized gain on derivatives 

 1,249 

 300 

 5,220 

 Comprehensive loss 
 
 $ 
 (323,735 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (156,713 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (361,827 
 ) 

 Net loss, per common share, from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 (0.34 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (0.24 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (0.44 
 ) 

 Net income (loss), per common share, from discontinued operations 
 
 $ 
 (0.03 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 0.03 

 $ 
 (0.05 
 ) 

 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted 
 
 $ 
 (0.37 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (0.21 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (0.49 
 ) 

 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

 858,637,707 

 835,131,057 

 811,400,035 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -66-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Number of Shares 

 Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 Accumulated Distributions in excess of Net Loss 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 Total 

 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

 Balance at January 1, 2009 

 794,574,007 

 $ 
 795 

 $ 
 7,129,945 

 $ 
 (1,011,757 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (6,421 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 20,593 

 $ 
 6,133,155 

 $ 
 264,132 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (397,960 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (294 
 ) 

 (398,254 
 ) 

 9,245 

 Unrealized gain on investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 65,068 

 &#151; 

 65,068 

 &#151; 

 Reversal of unrealized gain to realized gain on investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (34,155 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (34,155 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Unrealized gain on derivatives 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,220 

 &#151; 

 5,220 

 &#151; 

 Distributions declared 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (405,337 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (2,732 
 ) 

 (408,069 
 ) 

 (9,245 
 ) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,302 

 1,302 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from offering 

 24,869,350 

 25 

 253,961 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 253,986 

 &#151; 

 Offering costs 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (28,415 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (28,415 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

 24,347,096 

 24 

 231,282 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 231,306 

 &#151; 

 Share repurchase program 

 (20,171,263 
 ) 

 (20 
 ) 

 (188,956 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (188,976 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Issuance of stock options and discounts on shares issued to affiliates 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 14 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 14 

 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2009 

 823,619,190 

 $ 
 824 

 $ 
 7,397,831 

 $ 
 (1,815,054 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 29,712 

 $ 
 18,869 

 $ 
 5,632,182 

 $ 
 264,132 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 -67-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Number of Shares 

 Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 Accumulated Distributions in excess of Net Loss 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 Total 

 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

 Balance at January 1, 2010 

 823,619,190 

 $ 
 824 

 $ 
 7,397,831 

 $ 
 (1,815,054 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 29,712 

 $ 
 18,869 

 $ 
 5,632,182 

 $ 
 264,132 

 Net income (loss) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (176,431 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (106 
 ) 

 (176,537 
 ) 

 9,245 

 Unrealized gain on investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 40,491 

 &#151; 

 40,491 

 &#151; 

 Reversal of unrealized gain to realized gain on investment securities 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (21,073 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (21,073 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Unrealized gain on derivatives 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 300 

 &#151; 

 300 

 &#151; 

 Distributions declared 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (417,885 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 (2,237 
 ) 

 (420,122 
 ) 

 (9,245 
 ) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 855 

 855 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

 22,787,584 

 22 

 207,274 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 207,296 

 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 

 846,406,774 

 $ 
 846 

 $ 
 7,605,105 

 $ 
 (2,409,370 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 49,430 

 $ 
 17,381 

 $ 
 5,263,392 

 $ 
 264,132 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -68-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 Number of Shares 

 Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-in Capital 

 Accumulated Distributions in excess of Net Loss 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 Noncontrolling Interests 

 Total 

 Noncontrolling Redeemable Interests 

 Balance at January 1, 2011 

 846,406,774 

 $ 
 846 

 $ 
 7,605,105 

 $ 
 (2,409,370 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 49,430 

 $ 
 17,381 

 $ 
 5,263,392 

 $ 
 264,132 

 Net income (loss) 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 (316,253 
 ) 

 0 

 (1,183 
 ) 

 (317,436 
 ) 

 7,891 

 Unrealized loss on investment securities 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 (24,950 
 ) 

 0 

 (24,950 
 ) 

 0 

 Reversal of unrealized loss to realized loss on investment securities 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 16,219 

 0 

 16,219 

 0 

 Unrealized gain on derivatives 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 1,249 

 0 

 1,249 

 0 

 Distributions declared 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 (429,599 
 ) 

 0 

 (660 
 ) 

 (430,259 
 ) 

 (7,891 
 ) 
 
 Adjustment to redemption value for noncontrolling interest 

 0 

 0 

 (13,793 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 (15,555 
 ) 

 (29,348 
 ) 

 29,348 

 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 651 

 651 

 0 

 Redemption of noncontrolling interests 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 (795 
 ) 

 (795 
 ) 

 (293,480 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from distribution reinvestment program 

 24,855,275 

 25 

 199,566 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 199,591 

 0 

 Share repurchase program 

 (2,074,689 
 ) 

 (2 
 ) 

 (14,998 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 (15,000 
 ) 

 0 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 

 869,187,360 

 $ 
 869 

 $ 
 7,775,880 

 $ 
 (3,155,222 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 41,948 

 $ 
 (161 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 4,663,314 

 $ 
 0 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -69-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year ended December 31, 2011 

 Year ended December 31, 2010 

 Year ended December 31, 2009 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net loss 
 
 $ 
 (309,545 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (167,292 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (389,009 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 439,759 

 443,787 

 395,501 

 Amortization of above and below market leases, net 

 (1,326 
 ) 

 (433 
 ) 

 (1,688 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of debt premiums, discounts, and financing costs 

 20,430 

 18,424 

 10,032 

 Amortization of note receivable discount 

 0 

 0 

 (8,107 
 ) 
 
 Straight-line rental income 

 (13,841 
 ) 

 (17,705 
 ) 

 (16,329 
 ) 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 (10,848 
 ) 

 (19,227 
 ) 

 0 

 Gain on sale of property, net 

 (16,510 
 ) 

 (55,412 
 ) 

 0 

 (Gain) loss on consolidated investment 

 0 

 (433 
 ) 

 148,887 

 Provision for asset impairment 

 163,641 

 47,529 

 34,051 

 Provision for goodwill impairment 

 0 

 0 

 26,676 

 Impairment of notes receivable 

 0 

 111,896 

 74,136 

 Equity in loss of unconsolidated of entities 

 12,802 

 18,684 

 78,487 

 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

 9,849 

 3,887 

 9,040 

 (Gain) impairment of investment in unconsolidated entities, net 

 106,023 

 11,239 

 7,443 

 Realized (gain) loss on investments in securities 

 (8,137 
 ) 

 (22,929 
 ) 

 (38,193 
 ) 
 
 Impairment of investments in securities 

 24,356 

 1,856 

 4,038 

 Other non-cash adjustments 

 (18,649 
 ) 

 (278 
 ) 

 319 

 Changes in assets and liabilities: 

 Accounts and rents receivable 

 (855 
 ) 

 (3,612 
 ) 

 6,769 

 Deferred costs and other assets 

 (12,138 
 ) 

 580 

 3,521 

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 7,492 

 (6,958 
 ) 

 8,555 

 Other liabilities 

 5,446 

 (6,943 
 ) 

 14,902 

 Net cash flows provided by operating activities 

 397,949 

 356,660 

 369,031 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Purchase of investment properties 

 (446,096 
 ) 

 (365,427 
 ) 

 (376,387 
 ) 
 
 Acquired in-place and market-lease intangibles, net 

 (18,231 
 ) 

 (74,841 
 ) 

 (63,777 
 ) 
 
 Capital expenditures and tenant improvements 

 (71,157 
 ) 

 (109,827 
 ) 

 (72,076 
 ) 
 
 Investment in development projects 

 (74,850 
 ) 

 (56,894 
 ) 

 (134,453 
 ) 
 
 Sale of investment properties 

 246,317 

 301,189 

 0 

 Purchase of investment securities 

 (79,147 
 ) 

 (86,986 
 ) 

 (53,861 
 ) 
 
 Sale of investment securities 

 33,558 

 75,812 

 131,017 

 Investment in unconsolidated entities 

 (409 
 ) 

 (60,043 
 ) 

 (27,909 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of unconsolidated entities 

 100,408 

 0 

 0 

 Distributions from unconsolidated entities 

 33,954 

 31,737 

 32,081 

 Payment of leasing fees and franchise fees 

 (9,772 
 ) 

 (8,211 
 ) 

 (4,137 
 ) 
 
 Purchase of note receivable 

 0 

 (34,253 
 ) 

 0 

 Payments from notes receivable 

 18,443 

 26,141 

 417 

 Restricted escrows 

 (6,567 
 ) 

 (23,179 
 ) 

 2,983 

 Other assets 

 (13,347 
 ) 

 4,097 

 2,939 

 Net cash flows used in investing activities 

 (286,896 
 ) 

 (380,685 
 ) 

 (563,163 
 ) 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

 -70-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year
ended December 31, 2011 

 Year
ended December 31, 2010 

 Year
ended December 31, 2009 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Proceeds from offering, net of offering costs 

 0 

 0 

 224,370 

 Proceeds from the distribution reinvestment program 

 199,591 

 207,296 

 231,306 

 Shares repurchased 

 (15,000 
 ) 

 0 

 (192,548 
 ) 
 
 Distributions paid 

 (428,650 
 ) 

 (416,935 
 ) 

 (411,797 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from mortgage debt and notes payable 

 1,179,594 

 432,873 

 370,555 

 Payoffs of mortgage debt 

 (804,204 
 ) 

 (429,737 
 ) 

 (435,540 
 ) 
 
 Principal payments of mortgage debt 

 (36,036 
 ) 

 (16,812 
 ) 

 (6,708 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from (paydown of) margin securities debt, net 

 58,756 

 33,800 

 (10,044 
 ) 
 
 Payment of loan fees and deposits 

 (12,473 
 ) 

 (8,617 
 ) 

 (9,353 
 ) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 

 (660 
 ) 

 (2,237 
 ) 

 (2,732 
 ) 
 
 Distributions paid to noncontrolling redeemable interests 

 (7,891 
 ) 

 (9,245 
 ) 

 (9,245 
 ) 
 
 Contributions from noncontrolling interests 

 651 

 855 

 1,302 

 Redemption of noncontrolling interests 

 (294,275 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Due from related parties, net 

 0 

 0 

 (168 
 ) 

 Net cash flows used in financing activities 

 (160,597 
 ) 

 (208,759 
 ) 

 (250,602 
 ) 

 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

 (49,544 
 ) 

 (232,784 
 ) 

 (444,734 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

 267,707 

 500,491 

 945,225 

 Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 
 
 $ 
 218,163 

 $ 
 267,707 

 $ 
 500,491 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -71-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

 Year
ended December 31, 2011 

 Year
ended December 31, 2010 

 Year
ended December 31, 2009 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

 Purchase of investment properties 
 
 $ 
 (448,169 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (779,986 
 ) 

 (1,021,008 
 ) 
 
 Tenant and real estate tax liabilities assumed at acquisition 

 2,073 

 4,753 

 13,440 

 Assumption of mortgage debt at acquisition 

 0 

 457,685 

 626,174 

 Non-cash (discount) premium 

 0 

 (47,879 
 ) 

 5,007 

 (446,096 
 ) 

 (365,427 
 ) 

 (376,387 
 ) 

 Cash paid for interest, net capitalized interest of $10,851, $4,302 and $9,648 for 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 $ 
 296,065 

 $ 
 293,301 

 $ 
 245,912 

 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

 Consolidation of Lauth assets 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 38,365 

 $ 
 135,686 

 Assumption of mortgage debt at consolidation of Lauth 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (37,890 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (96,763 
 ) 

 Liabilities assumed at consolidation of Lauth 
 
 $ 
 0 

 (1,345 
 ) 

 (3,584 
 ) 

 Property surrendered in exchange for extinguishment of debt 
 
 $ 
 35,524 

 $ 
 10,492 

 $ 
 0 

 Property acquired through exchange of notes receivable 
 
 $ 
 20,000 

 $ 
 142,827 

 $ 
 0 

 Conversion of note receivable to equity interest 
 
 $ 
 17,150 

 $ 
 121,320 

 $ 
 0 

 Redemption value adjustment for noncontrolling redeemable interest 
 
 $ 
 29,348 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 Property acquired through transfer of equity interest 
 
 $ 
 8,500 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 -72-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 (1) Organization 
 Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) was formed on October 4, 2004 (inception) to acquire and manage
a diversified portfolio of commercial real estate, primarily retail properties and multi-family (both conventional and student housing), office, industrial and lodging properties, located in the United States and Canada. The Business Management
Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) provides for Inland American Business Manager & Advisor, Inc. (the &#147;Business Manager&#148;), an affiliate of the Company&#146;s sponsor, to be the business manager to the Company. On
August 31, 2005, the Company commenced an initial public offering (the &#147;Initial Offering&#148;) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock (&#147;Shares&#148;) at $10.00 each and the issuance of 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 per share
available to be distributed pursuant to the Company&#146;s distribution reinvestment plan. On August 1, 2007, the Company commenced a second public offering (the &#147;Second Offering&#148;) of up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock at $10.00
per share and up to 40,000,000 shares at $9.50 per share available to be distributed through the Company&#146;s distribution reinvestment plan. Effective April 6, 2009, the Company elected to terminate the Second Offering. On March 31,
2009, the Company filed a registration statement to register 50,000,000 shares to be issued under the distribution reinvestment plan or &#147;DRP.&#148; Under the DRP, as amended, the purchase price per share is equal to 100% of the &#147;market
price&#148; of a share of the Company&#146;s common stock until the shares become listed for trading. Beginning with reinvestments made after September 21, 2010 until December 29, 2011, the DRP purchase price was equal to $8.03 per share.
After December 29, 2011, and until a new estimated value per share has been established, the DRP purchase price is equal to $7.22 per share. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, as well as all wholly owned subsidiaries and consolidated joint venture investments. Wholly owned subsidiaries
generally consist of limited liability companies (LLCs) and limited partnerships (LPs). The effects of all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. At December 31, 2011, the Company owned a portfolio of 964 commercial real estate properties compared to 980 properties at December 31, 2010. The breakdown by segment is as follows: 

 Segment 
 
 Property Count 
 
 Square Ft/Rooms/Units 

 Retail 
 
 726 
 
 22,645,371 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 95 
 
 15,597 rooms 
 
 Office 
 
 43 
 
 10,244,813 square feet 
 
 Industrial 
 
 74 
 
 16,377,450 square feet 
 
 Multi-Family 
 
 26 
 
 9,563 units 
 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(&#147;GAAP&#148;) and require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 -73-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 Revenue Recognition The Company commences revenue recognition on its leases based on a number of factors. In most cases, revenue recognition under a lease begins when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical
use of the leased asset. Generally, this occurs on the lease commencement date. The determination of who is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements determines the nature of the leased asset and when revenue recognition under a
lease begins. If the Company is the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements, then the leased asset is the finished space and revenue recognition begins when the lessee takes possession of the finished space, typically when the
improvements are substantially complete. If the Company concludes it is not the owner, for accounting purposes, of the tenant improvements (the lessee is the owner), then the leased asset is the unimproved space and any tenant improvement allowances
funded under the lease are treated as lease incentives which reduces revenue recognized over the term of the lease. In these circumstances, the Company begins revenue recognition when the lessee takes possession of the unimproved space for the
lessee to construct their own improvements. The Company considers a number of different factors to evaluate whether it or the lessee is the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes. These factors include: 

 &#149; 
 
 whether the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent; 

 &#149; 
 
 whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements; 

 &#149; 
 
 the uniqueness of the improvements; 

 &#149; 
 
 the expected economic life of the tenant improvements relative to the length of the lease; and 

 &#149; 
 
 who constructs or directs the construction of the improvements. The determination of who owns the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, is subject to significant judgment. In making that determination, the Company considers all of the above factors. No one
factor, however, necessarily establishes its determination. Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease.
The difference between rental income earned on a straight-line basis and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease agreements is recorded as deferred rent receivable and is included as a component of accounts and rents receivable in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Revenue for lodging facilities is recognized when the services are provided. Additionally, the
Company collects sales, use, occupancy and similar taxes at its lodging facilities which it presents on a net basis (excluded from revenues) on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 The Company records lease termination income if there is a signed termination agreement, all of the conditions of the agreement have been met, the tenant
is no longer occupying the property and amounts due are considered collectible. The Company defers recognition of contingent rental income
(i.e. percentage/excess rent) until the specified target that triggers the contingent rental income is achieved. Consolidation
 The Company evaluates its investments in limited liability companies and partnerships to determine whether such entities may be a variable
interest entity (&#147;VIE&#148;). If the entity is a VIE, the determination of whether the 
 -74-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

Company is the primary beneficiary must be made. The primary beneficiary determination is based on a qualitative assessment as to whether the entity has (i) power to direct significant
activities of the VIE and (ii) an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be potentially significant to the VIE. The Company will consolidate a VIE if it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary, as defined
in Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic on Consolidation. The equity method of accounting is applied to entities in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary as
defined in the Consolidation Topic of the FASB ASC, or the entity is not a VIE and the Company does not have effective control, but can exercise influence over the entity with respect to its operations and major decisions. 
 Reclassifications Certain
reclassifications have been made to the 2010 and 2009 consolidated financial statements to conform to the 2011 presentations. The reclasses primarily represent reclassifications of revenue and expenses to discontinued operations as a result of the
sales of investment properties in 2011. Capitalization and Depreciation Real estate acquisitions are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Ordinary repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Depreciation expense is computed using the straight line method. Building and other improvements are depreciated based upon estimated useful lives of 30 years for building and improvements and 5-15 years
for furniture, fixtures and equipment and site improvements. Tenant improvements are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the
related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization expense. Leasing fees are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of
the related lease as a component of depreciation and amortization. Loan fees are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the
effective interest method, over the life of the related loans as a component of interest expense. Direct and indirect costs that are clearly
related to the construction and improvements of investment properties are capitalized. Costs incurred for property taxes and insurance are capitalized during periods in which activities necessary to get the property ready for its intended use are in
progress. Interest costs are also capitalized during such periods. Additionally, the Company treats investments accounted for by the equity method as assets qualifying for interest capitalization provided (1) the investee has activities in
progress necessary to commence its planned principal operations and (2) the investee&#146;s activities include the use of such funds to acquire qualifying assets. Investment Properties Held for Sale In determining whether to classify an investment
property as held for sale, the Company considers whether: (i) management has committed to a plan to sell the investment property; (ii) the investment property is available for immediate sale, in its present condition; (iii) the
Company has initiated a program to locate a buyer; (iv) the Company believes that the sale of the investment property is probable; (v) the Company has received a significant non-refundable deposit for the purchase of the property;
(vi) the Company is actively marketing the 
 -75-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

investment property for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its fair value; and (vii) actions required for the Company to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that
any significant changes will be made to the plan. If all of the above criteria are met, the Company classifies the investment property as
held for sale. On the day that these criteria are met, the Company suspends depreciation on the investment properties held for sale, including depreciation for tenant improvements and additions, as well as on the amortization of acquired in-place
leases. The investment properties and liabilities associated with those investment properties that are held for sale are classified separately on the consolidated balance sheets for the most recent reporting period. Additionally, the operations for
the periods presented are classified on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income as discontinued operations for all periods presented. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, no investment properties were classified as
held for sale. Impairment 
 The Company assesses the carrying values of the respective long-lived assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable, such as a reduction in the expected holding period of the asset. If it is determined that the carrying value is not recoverable because the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed carrying value,
the Company is required to record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying value exceeds fair value. The valuation and possible subsequent impairment of investment properties is a significant estimate that can and does change based on our
continuous process of analyzing each property and reviewing assumptions about uncertain inherent factors, as well as the economic condition of the property at a particular point in time. The use of projected future cash flows and related holding period is based on assumptions that are consistent with the estimates of future expectations and the strategic plan the Company uses to manage
its underlying business. However assumptions and estimates about future cash flows and capitalization rates are complex and subjective. Changes in economic and operating conditions and the Company&#146;s ultimate investment intent that occur
subsequent to the impairment analyses could impact these assumptions and result in future impairment charges of the real estate properties. 
 On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the carrying value of the Company&#146;s investments in unconsolidated
entities may be other than temporarily impaired. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the investment over the fair value of the investment. The fair value of the underlying investment
includes a review of expected cash flows to be received from the investee. Derivative Instruments 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is exposed to the effect of interest rate changes. The Company limits these risks by following established
risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives to hedge interest rate risk on debt instruments. The Company has a
policy of only entering into contracts with established financial institutions based upon their credit ratings and other factors. When viewed in conjunction with the underlying and offsetting exposure that the derivatives are designed to hedge, the
Company has not sustained a material loss from those instruments nor does it anticipate any material adverse effect on its net income or financial position in the future from the use of derivatives. 
 -76-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The Company recognizes all derivatives in the balance sheet at fair value. Additionally, the fair value
adjustments will affect either equity or net income depending on whether the derivative instruments qualify as a hedge for accounting purposes and, if so, the nature of the hedging activity. When the terms of an underlying transaction are modified,
or when the underlying transaction is terminated or completed, all changes in the fair value of the instrument are marked-to-market with changes in value included in net income each period until the instrument matures. Any derivative instrument used
for risk management that does not meet the criteria for hedge accounting is marked-to-market each period in the income statement. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Marketable Securities The Company
classifies its investment in securities in one of three categories: trading, available-for-sale, or held-to-maturity. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Held-to-maturity securities
are those securities in which the Company has the ability and intent to hold the security until maturity. All securities not included in trading or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. Investment in securities at December 31,
2011 and 2010 consists of common and preferred stock investments and investments in real estate related bonds that are all classified as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific
identification basis. A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other than temporary, results in a reduction in the carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged to earnings and a new
cost basis for the security is established. When a security is impaired, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment for a time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value and considers
whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value
subsequent to period end and forecasted performance of the investee. Acquisition of Real Estate 
 The Company allocates the purchase price of each acquired business (as defined in the accounting guidance related to business combinations) between
tangible and intangible assets at full fair value at the date of the transaction. Such tangible and intangible assets include land, building and improvements, acquired above market and below market leases, in-place lease value, customer
relationships (if any), and any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. Any additional amounts are allocated to goodwill as required, based on the remaining purchase price in excess of the fair value of the tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is an area that requires judgment and significant estimates. The Company uses the information contained in the independent appraisal obtained at acquisition as the primary basis for the allocation to land and building and improvements. The Company determines
whether any financing assumed is above or below market based upon comparison to similar financing terms for similar investment properties. The Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to the estimated acquired in-place lease costs based on
estimated lease execution costs for similar leases as well as lost rent payments during assumed lease up 
 -77-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

period when calculating as if vacant fair values. The Company also evaluates each acquired lease based upon current market rates at the acquisition date and considers various factors including
geographical location, size and location of leased space within the investment property, tenant profile, and the credit risk of the tenant in determining whether the acquired lease is above or below market lease costs. After an acquired lease is
determined to be above or below market, the Company allocates a portion of the purchase price to such above or below acquired lease costs based upon the present value of the difference between the contractual lease rate and the estimated market
rate. For below market leases with fixed rate renewals, renewal periods are included in the calculation of below market in-place lease values. The determination of the discount rate used in the present value calculation is based upon the &#147;risk
free rate&#148; and current interest rates. This discount rate is a significant factor in determining the market valuation which requires judgment of subjective factors such as market knowledge, economics, demographics, location, visibility, age and
physical condition of the property. The Company expenses acquisition costs of all transactions as incurred. All costs related to finding,
analyzing and negotiating a transaction are expensed as incurred as a general and administrative expense, whether or not the acquisition is completed. These expenses would include acquisition fees, if any, paid to an affiliate of the business
manager. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all demand deposits, money market accounts and investments in certificates of deposit and repurchase agreements purchased with a maturity of three months or less, at the date of
purchase, to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions. The combined account balances at one or more institutions periodically exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Corporation
(&#147;FDIC&#148;) insurance coverage and, as a result, there is a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company believes that the risk is not significant, as the Company does not
anticipate the financial institutions&#146; non-performance. Restricted Cash and Escrows 
 Restricted escrows primarily consist of cash held in escrow comprised of lenders&#146; restricted escrows of $35,728 and $28,376, post acquisition escrows
of $16,052 and $17,650, and lodging furniture, fixtures and equipment reserves of $40,570 and $35,055 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the restricted cash balance was $6,094 and $15,008,
respectively. Goodwill The
excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill. Goodwill has been recognized and allocated to specific
properties in our lodging segment since each individual hotel property is an operating segment and considered a reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
impairment. The Company tested goodwill for impairment by first comparing the estimated fair value of each property with goodwill to the
carrying value of the property&#146;s assets, including goodwill. The fair value is based on estimated future cash flow projections that utilize discount and capitalization rates, which are generally unobservable in the
 
 -78-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

market place (Level 3 inputs), but approximate the inputs the Company believes would be utilized by market participants in assessing fair value. The estimates of future cash flows are based on a
number of factors including the historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. If the carrying amount of the property&#146;s assets, including goodwill, exceeds its estimated fair value, the second step of the goodwill
impairment test is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. In this second step, if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded in an amount equal to that
excess. Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. 
 (3) Acquired Properties 
 The Company records identifiable assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests and goodwill acquired in a business combination at fair
value. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company incurred $1,680, $1,805 and $9,617, respectively, of acquisition and transaction costs that were recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations and other comprehensive income. For the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company acquired 35 properties for a
gross acquisition price of $897,400. The table below reflects acquisition activity for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Segment 
 
 Property 
 
 Date 
 
 Gross Acquisition 
 Price 
 
 Sq Ft/Units/Rooms 

 Lodging 
 
 Marriott-Charleston 
 
 02/25/2011 
 
 $25,500 
 
 352 rooms 
 
 Retail 
 
 Sparks Crossing 
 
 03/21/2011 
 
 38,600 
 
 330,121 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Fairmont Dallas 
 
 08/01/2011 
 
 69,000 
 
 545 rooms 
 
 Retail 
 
 White Oaks 
 
 08/03/2011 
 
 95,000 
 
 550,485 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Bay Colony Town Center II 
 
 08/19/2011 
 
 40,000 
 
 202,113 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Marriott Napa Valley 
 
 08/26/2011 
 
 72,000 
 
 275 rooms 
 
 Retail 
 
 Victory Lakes 
 
 10/04/2011 
 
 46,100 
 
 367,374 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 LA Fitness 
 
 10/04/2011 
 
 9,500 
 
 45,000 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Cyfair II 
 
 10/04/2011 
 
 53,000 
 
 177,064 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Sonic 
 
 10/04/2011 
 
 600 
 
 1,544 square feet 

 Total 

 $449,300 

 For properties acquired as of December 31, 2011, the Company recorded revenue of $46,512 and property net income of
$9,074, not including related expensed acquisition costs. For properties acquired as of December 31, 2010, the Company recorded revenue of $84,789 and property net income of $51,497, not including related expensed acquisition costs. 

 -79-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 (4) Discontinued Operations 
 The Company sold 26 properties for the year ended December 31, 2011 and 14 properties for the year ended December 31, 2010
for a gross disposition price of $242,300 and $308,600, respectively. The table below reflects disposition activity for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 Segment 
 
 Property 
 
 Date 
 
 Gross Disposition 
 Price 
 
 Sq Ft/Units/Rooms 

 Industrial 
 
 McKesson Distribution Center 
 
 06/02/2011 
 
 $9,300 
 
 162,613 square feet 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Residence Inn &#150; Phoenix 
 
 06/30/2011 
 
 5,100 
 
 168 rooms 
 
 Lodging 
 
 Towne Place Suites - 5 Hotel Properties 
 
 09/09/2011 
 
 30,200 
 
 571 rooms 
 
 Office 
 
 ComputerShare 
 
 09/09/2011 
 
 57,000 
 
 185,171 square feet 
 
 Office 
 
 North Bay 
 
 10/03/2011 
 
 5,300 
 
 42,845 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Friendswood 
 
 12/05/2011 
 
 8,100 
 
 71,325 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Cinemark Webster 
 
 12/05/2011 
 
 9,500 
 
 80,000 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Eldridge Lakes Town Center 
 
 12/06/2011 
 
 10,000 
 
 55,050 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Saratoga 
 
 12/14/2011 
 
 7,200 
 
 61,682 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 Cinemark 12 &#150; Pearland 
 
 12/14/2011 
 
 7,900 
 
 45,410 square feet 
 
 Office 
 
 Lakeview Tech Center 
 
 12/14/2011 
 
 22,500 
 
 110,007 square feet 
 
 Retail 
 
 825 Rand Road 
 
 12/16/2011 
 
 3,400 
 
 42,792 square feet 
 
 Multi-family 
 
 Katy Trial 
 
 12/21/2011 
 
 48,500 
 
 227 units 
 
 Retail and Office 
 
 Various Properties (9 properties) 
 
 Various 
 
 18,300 
 
 345,955 square feet 

 Total 

 $242,300 

 The Company has presented separately as discontinued operations in all periods the results of operations for all disposed
assets in consolidated operations. The Company sold 26 assets and surrendered three properties to the lender for the year ended December 31, 2011 and sold 14 assets and surrendered assets previously held by a consolidated joint venture for the
year ended December 31, 2010. The components of the Company&#146;s discontinued operations are presented below and include the results of operations for the respective periods that the Company owned such assets or was involved with the
operations of such ventures during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 

 Year
ended December 31, 2011 

 Year
ended December 31, 2010 

 Year
ended December 31, 2009 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 40,422 

 $ 
 77,612 

 $ 
 71,572 

 Expenses 

 97,388 

 128,997 

 110,638 

 Operating loss from discontinued operations 

 (56,966 
 ) 

 (51,385 
 ) 

 (39,066 
 ) 

 Gain (loss) on sale of properties, net 

 11,964 

 55,412 

 0 

 Gain on extinguishment of debt 

 10,848 

 19,227 

 0 

 Gain on transfer of assets 

 4,546 

 0 

 0 

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net 
 
 $ 
 (29,608 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 23,254 

 $ 
 (39,066 
 ) 

 Expenses include impairments of $57,846, $44,349 and $32,934 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009.
 
 -80-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company had proceeds from the sale of investment
properties of $246,312. A gain of $11,964 was realized from the property sales as well as a gain of $10,848 on the extinguishment of debt and a gain of $4,546 on the transfer of assets on three properties surrendered to the lender. For the year
ended December 31, 2010, the Company had proceeds from the sale of investment properties of $301,189. A gain of $55,412 was realized from the property sales. In addition, the Company realized a gain of $19,227 on extinguishment of debt on the
transfer of assets previously held by a consolidated joint venture to the lender in satisfaction of the outstanding debt balance. All properties surrendered for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 were in satisfaction of non-recourse
debt. For the year ended December 31, 2009, there were no dispositions. 
 (5) Investment in Partially Owned Entities 
 Consolidated Entities 
 On October 11, 2005, the Company entered into a joint venture with Minto (Delaware), LLC, or Minto Delaware who owned all of the outstanding equity
of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (&#147;MB REIT&#148;) prior to October 11, 2005. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company purchased 920,000 shares of common stock of MB REIT at a price of $1,276 per share for a total
investment of approximately $1,172,000 in MB REIT. MB REIT was not considered a VIE as defined in FASB ASC 810, Consolidation , however the Company had a controlling financial interest in MB REIT, had the direct ability to make major decisions
for MB REIT through its voting interests, and held key management positions in MB REIT. Therefore this entity was consolidated by the Company and the outside ownership interests were reflected as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. On October 4, 2011, the Company bought out the common and preferred stock of the consolidated MB REIT
joint venture for $293,480 by executing a promissory note of $218,000 and making a cash payment of $75,000. The outstanding promissory note was paid off in full by December 31, 2011. No gain or loss was recorded due to this transaction.
 On June 8, 2007, the Company, through a 100% owned subsidiary, entered into the LIP Holdings, LLC (LIP-H) operating agreement for the
purpose of funding the development and ownership of real estate projects in the office, distribution, retail, healthcare and mixed-use markets. As of January 6, 2009, control over LIP-H rested with the Company&#146;s subsidiary, resulting in
the consolidation of LIP-H. The assets of LIP-H consisted of eight operating office and retail projects and a mezzanine loan to LIP Development (LIP-D), an entity related to Lauth Investment Properties, LLC (Lauth). The mezzanine loan with LIP-D was
secured primarily by development projects at various stages of completion, including vacant land. The consolidation resulted in a loss of $148,887 being recognized for the year ended December 31, 2009. 
 Entities under control of Lauth went into bankruptcy in May of 2009. On July 21, 2009, the Company filed an action against Lauth for their actions
with regard to the Company&#146;s losses with its investment in LIP-H (&#147;the lawsuit&#148;). On September 14, 2010, the Company approved a settlement agreement relative to the Lauth bankruptcy, which resolved all remaining issues. The
agreement provided for the transfer of five additional properties and consideration of $1,000 in settlement of the mezzanine note. The closing of the settlement agreement and transfer of assets occurred on October 1, 2010 and was recorded by
the Company in the fourth quarter of 2010 at fair value. The consolidation and retirement of the outstanding mezzanine loan resulted in a gain of $433 being recognized for the year ended December 31, 2010 representing the excess of the fair
value of the collateral received over the carrying value of note receivable. 
 -81-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The Company has ownership interests of 67% in various limited liability companies which own nine
shopping centers. These entities are considered VIEs as defined in ASC 810, and the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of each of these entities. Therefore, these entities are consolidated by the Company. The entities agreements contain
put/call provisions which grant the right to the outside owners and the Company to require these entities to redeem the ownership interests of the outside owners during future periods. Because the outside ownership interests are subject to a
put/call arrangement requiring settlement for a fixed amount, these entities are treated as 100% owned subsidiaries by the Company with the amount of $47,762 as of December 31, 2011 due to the outside owners reflected as a financing and
included within other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Interest expense is recorded on these liabilities in an amount generally equal to the preferred return due to the outside owners as provided in the entities
agreements. For the VIEs where the Company is the primary beneficiary, the following are the liabilities of the consolidated VIE, which are
not recourse to the Company, and the assets that can be used only to settle those obligations. 

 Net investment properties 
 
 $ 
 117,235 

 Other assets 

 9,167 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 126,402 

 Mortgages, notes and margins payable 
 
 $ 
 (84,823 
 ) 
 
 Other liabilities 

 (49,073 
 ) 

 Total liabilities 
 
 $ 
 (133,896 
 ) 

 Net assets 
 
 $ 
 (7,494 
 ) 

 Unconsolidated Entities The entities listed below are owned by the Company and other unaffiliated parties in joint ventures. Net income, distributions and capital transactions for these properties are allocated to the Company
and its joint venture partners in accordance with the respective partnership agreements. These entities are not consolidated by the Company and the equity method of accounting is used to account for these investments. Under the equity method of
accounting, the net equity investment of the Company and the Company&#146;s share of net income or loss from the unconsolidated entity are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of operations and other
comprehensive income. 

 Entity 
 
 Description 
 
 Ownership % 
 
 Investment at December 31, 2011 

 Investment at December 31, 2010 

 Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. 
 
 Diversified portfolio of net lease assets 
 
 85%(a) 
 
 $ 
 26,508 

 $ 
 160,487 

 Cobalt Industrial REIT II 
 
 Industrial portfolio 
 
 36%(b) 

 113,623 

 124,750 

 D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC 
 
 Industrial and R&D assets 
 
 90%(c) 

 36,218 

 57,389 

 NRF Healthcare, LLC 
 
 Senior housing portfolio 
 
 (d) 

 0 

 94,872 

 Brixmor/IA JV, LLC 
 
 Retail Shopping Centers 
 
 (e) 

 103,567 

 121,534 

 Other Unconsolidated Entities (f) 
 
 Various Real Estate investments 
 
 Various 

 36,795 

 21,236 

 $ 
 316,711 

 $ 
 573,274 

 -82-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 (a) 
 On August 10, 2007, the Company entered a joint venture with The Lexington Master Limited Partnership (&#147;LMLP&#148;) and LMLP GP LLC (&#147;LMLP GP&#148;), for
the purpose of directly or indirectly acquiring, financing, holding for investment, operating, and leasing real estate assets as acquired by the joint venture. The Company&#146;s initial capital contribution was approximately $127,500 and
LMLP&#146;s initial contribution was approximately $22,500. LMLP GP is the general partner who manages investments and day-to-day affairs of the venture. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also
considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of LMLP, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control
over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund L.P. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the
equity method of accounting. 

 (b) 
 On June 29, 2007, we entered into a joint venture, Cobalt Industrial REIT II (&#147;Cobalt&#148;), to invest $149,000 in shares of common beneficial interest. Our
investment gives us the right to a preferred dividend equal to 9% per annum. The Company analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and
determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of Cobalt, which equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does
not control Cobalt. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 

 (c) 
 On April 23, 2007, the Company entered into a joint venture, D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC, between the Company and Stephens Ventures III, LLC
(&#147;Stephens Member&#148;) for the purpose of acquiring entities engaged in the acquisition, ownership, and development of real property. The Company&#146;s initial capital contribution was limited to approximately $90,000 and the Stephens
Member&#146;s initial contribution was limited to approximately $10,000. Stephens & Stephens LLC (&#147;Stephens&#148;), an affiliate of the Stephens Member, is the managing member of D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC. The Company
analyzed the venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of Stephens Member, which
equates to shared decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control D.R. Stephens Institutional Fund, LLC. Therefore, the Company does not
consolidate this entity, rather the Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 

 (d) 
 On July 9, 2008, the Company invested $100,000 in NRF Healthcare, LLC (&#147;NRF&#148;) in exchange for a Series A Convertible Preferred Membership interest and is
entitled to a 10.5% preferred dividend. This entity was previously known as Wakefield Capital, LLC. On July 17, 2011, the Company&#146;s interest in NRF Healthcare LLC was purchased by the joint venture partner for $100,408. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, the Company recorded a gain of $7,545 related to this sale, reflected in gain of investment in unconsolidated entities on the consolidated statement of operations and other comprehensive income. 

 (e) 
 On December 6, 2010, the Company entered into a Joint Venture with Brixmor Residual Holding LLC (&#147;Brixmor&#148;) (formerly Centro NP Residual Holding LLC),
resulting in the creation of Brixmor/IA JV, LLC (formerly Centro/IA JV, LLC). The joint venture structure provides the Company with an equity stake of $121,534, a preferred capital position and preferred return of 11%. The Company analyzed the
venture and determined that it was not a VIE. The Company also considered its participating rights under the joint venture agreement and determined that such participating rights also require the agreement of Brixmor, which equates to shared
decision making ability, and therefore do not give the Company control over the venture. As such, the Company has significant influence but does not control Brixmor/IA JV, LLC. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate this entity, rather the
Company accounts for its investment in the entity under the equity method of accounting. 

 (f) 
 On July 7, 2011, a foreclosure sale was held on a hotel property which previously secured one of the Company&#146;s notes receivable. The note had been in default
and fully impaired since 2009. A trust, on behalf of the lender group, was the successful bidder at the foreclosure sale and thereby, the Company obtained an equity interest in the trust which is the 100% owner of the hotel property. The
Company&#146;s interest is not consolidated and the equity method is used to account for the investment. The Company recorded its equity interest at fair value and recognized a gain of $17,150 on the conversion of the note reflected in other income
on the consolidated statement of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 -83-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The Company recorded an impairment of $113,621, $11,239 and $7,443 related to one, two and one of its
unconsolidated entities for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. The Net Lease Strategic Assets Fund, L.P.
agreement provides that (1) either limited partner can exercise the buy/sell right of the right of first offer after February 20, 2012 and (2) upon one limited partner&#146;s exercise of either right, the responding partner may not
again trigger the buy/sell right or the right of first offer until the termination of all procedures and time frames pursuant to the exercising partner&#146;s chosen right. On February 21, 2012, the Company delivered to LMLP its right of first offer under the partnership agreement with Net Lease Strategic Asset Fund, LP. Pursuant to the notice, the Company requested the
venture sell the assets for a purchase price of $548,706. On February 20 and 21, 2012, LMLP delivered notice to the Company to exercised the buy sell option under the partnership agreement and provided the price of $213,014 at which they would
be willing to purchase the assets. If the right of first offer is not accepted, the partnership agreement allows a third party buyer to be sought. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company valued the equity interest in part based on the
fair value of the underlying assets of the investment using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. These factors resulted in the valuation of the
Company&#146;s investment in the entity at $26,508 and an impairment charge of $113,621. Combined Financial Information 
 The following table presents the combined financial information for the Company&#146;s investment in unconsolidated entities. 

 Balance as of December 31, 2011 

 Balance as of December 31, 2010 

 Balance Sheets: 

 Assets: 

 Real estate assets, net of accumulated depreciation 
 
 $ 
 1,949,035 

 $ 
 2,999,916 

 Other assets 

 485,887 

 335,640 

 Total Assets 
 
 $ 
 2,434,922 

 $ 
 3,335,556 

 Liabilities and Equity: 

 Mortgage debt 
 
 $ 
 1,402,462 

 $ 
 2,063,151 

 Other liabilities 

 94,361 

 109,265 

 Equity 

 938,094 

 1,163,140 

 Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 $ 
 2,434,922 

 $ 
 3,335,556 

 Company&#146;s share of equity 
 
 $ 
 307,684 

 $ 
 563,141 

 Net excess of cost of investments over the net book value of underlying net assets (net of accumulated depreciation of $1,372 and
$1,446, respectively) 

 9,027 

 10,133 

 Carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities 
 
 $ 
 316,711 

 $ 
 573,274 

 -84-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 December 31, 2011 

 For the years ended December
31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Statements of Operations: 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 283,913 

 $ 
 287,694 

 $ 
 282,708 

 Expenses: 

 Interest expense and loan cost amortization 
 
 $ 
 91,965 

 $ 
 90,857 

 $ 
 104,854 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 111,699 

 99,254 

 111,389 

 Operating expenses, ground rent and general and administrative expenses 

 159,539 

 100,954 

 125,247 

 Impairments 

 21,017 

 14,019 

 197,949 

 Total expenses 
 
 $ 
 384,220 

 $ 
 305,084 

 $ 
 539,439 

 Net loss before loss on sale of real estate 
 
 $ 
 (100,319 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (17,390 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (256,731 
 ) 
 
 Gain on sale of real estate 

 9,219 

 553 

 13,799 

 Net loss 
 
 $ 
 (91,100 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (16,837 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (242,932 
 ) 

 Company&#146;s share of: 

 Net loss, net of excess basis depreciation of $5, $84 and $587 
 
 $ 
 (12,802 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (18,684 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (78,487 
 ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (real estate related) 
 
 $ 
 63,645 

 $ 
 43,845 

 41,300 
 
 The unconsolidated entities had total third party debt of $1,402,462 at December 31, 2011 that matures as follows:

 2012 
 
 $ 
 249,140 

 2013 

 180,084 

 2014 

 145,319 

 2015 

 114,308 

 2016 

 33,456 

 Thereafter 

 680,155 

 $ 
 1,402,462 
 
 The debt maturities of the unconsolidated entities are not recourse to the Company and the Company has no obligation to
fund such debt maturities. It is anticipated that the ventures will be able to repay or refinance all of their debt on a timely basis. 
 -85-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 (6) Transactions with Related Parties 
 The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s related party transactions for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009.

 For the years ended 

 Unpaid amount as of 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 General and administrative: 

 General and administrative reimbursement (a) 
 
 $ 
 9,404 

 $ 
 8,205 

 $ 
 8,975 

 $ 
 2,734 

 $ 
 1,862 

 Loan servicing (b) 

 586 

 586 

 480 

 0 

 0 

 Investment advisor fee (c) 

 1,564 

 1,447 

 1,319 

 135 

 127 

 Affiliate share purchase discounts (d) 

 0 

 0 

 14 

 0 

 0 

 Total general and administrative to related parties 
 
 $ 
 11,554 

 $ 
 10,238 

 $ 
 10,788 

 $ 
 2,869 

 $ 
 1,989 

 Property management fees (e) 
 
 $ 
 31,437 

 $ 
 30,828 

 $ 
 26,413 

 $ 
 (178 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 100 

 Business manager fee (f) 
 
 $ 
 40,000 

 $ 
 36,000 

 $ 
 39,000 

 $ 
 10,000 

 $ 
 10,000 

 Loan placement fees (g) 
 
 $ 
 1,260 

 $ 
 845 

 $ 
 2,483 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 Offering costs (h) 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 25,660 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 (a) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for general and administrative expenses of the Business Manager and its related parties
relating to the Company&#146;s administration. Unpaid amounts as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets. 

 (b) 
 A related party of the Business Manager provides loan servicing to the Company for an annual fee. The loan servicing fees are 200 dollars per month, per loan for the
Company&#146;s non-lodging properties and 225 dollars per month, per loan for the Company&#146;s lodging properties. 

 (c) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager to purchase and monitor its investment in marketable securities. 

 (d) 
 The Company established a discount stock purchase policy for related parties and related parties of the Business Manager that enables the related parties to purchase
shares of common stock at either $8.95 or $9.50 a share depending on when the shares were purchased. The Company sold 0, 0, and 18,067 shares to related parties and recognized an expense related to these discounts of $0, $0 and $14 for the years
ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 (e) 
 The property managers, entities owned principally by individuals who are related parties of the Business Manager, are entitled to receive property management fees up to
4.5% of gross operating income (as defined), for management and leasing services. In addition, the property managers are entitled to receive an oversight fee of 1% of gross operating income (as defined) in operating companies purchased by the
Company. Unpaid amounts as of December 31, 2011 and 2010 are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. In addition to the fee, the property managers receive reimbursements of payroll costs for property level employees.
The Company reimbursed the property managers and other affiliates $7,660, $5,787 and $5,626 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 

 (f) 
 After the Company&#146;s stockholders have received a non-cumulative, non-compounded return of 5% per annum on their &#147;invested capital,&#148;
the Company pays its Business Manager an annual business management fee of up to 1% of the &#147;average invested assets,&#148; payable quarterly in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average invested assets as of the last day of the immediately
preceding quarter. For the years ended 
 -86-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, average invested assets were $11,515,550, $11,411,953 and $10,358,444 and operating expenses, as defined, were $69,353, $69,091 and $72,882 or 0.60%, 0.61%
and 0.70%, respectively, of average invested assets. The Company incurred a business management fee of $40,000, $36,000, and $39,000, which is equal to 0.35%, 0.32%, and 0.38% of average invested assets for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009, respectively. The Business Manager waived the remaining fee of $75,155, $78,120, and $64,584, respectively. 

 (g) 
 The Company pays a related party of the Business Manager 0.2% of the principal amount of each loan placed for the Company. Such costs are capitalized as loan fees and
amortized over the respective loan term. 

 (h) 
 The Business Manager and its related parties are entitled to reimbursement for salaries and expenses of employees of the Business Manager and its related parties
relating to the offerings. In addition, a related party of the Business Manager is entitled to receive selling commissions, and the marketing contribution and due diligence expense allowance from the Company in connection with the offerings. Such
costs are offset against the stockholders&#146; equity accounts. As of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the
Company had deposited $373 and $370, respectively, in Inland Bank and Trust, a subsidiary of Inland Bancorp, Inc., an affiliate of The Inland Real Estate Group, Inc. The Company is party to an agreement with an LLC formed as an insurance association captive (the &#147;Captive&#148;), which is wholly-owned by the Company and three related parties, Inland Real Estate
Corporation (&#147;IRC&#148;), Inland Western Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland Diversified Real Estate Trust, Inc. The Company paid insurance premiums of $9,627, $10,096 and $7,886 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. In addition, the Company held 889,820 shares of IRC valued $6,848 as of December 31, 2011. As of December 31, 2010,
the Company held 843,200 shares of IRC valued at $7,426. 
 (7) Investment in Marketable Securities 
 Investment in marketable securities of $289,365 and $268,726 at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively,
consists of primarily preferred and common stock investments in other REITs and certain real estate related bonds which are classified as available-for-sale securities and recorded at fair value. The cost basis net of impairments of
available-for-sale securities was $245,131 and $215,761 at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. Unrealized
holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of comprehensive income until realized. The Company has net accumulated other comprehensive income of $44,234, $52,965 and
$39,753, which includes gross unrealized losses of $9,990, $5,433 and $3,696 as of December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. All such gross unrealized losses on investments have been in an unrealized position for less than twelve months
and such investments have a related fair value of $60,507 as of December 31, 2011. The Company&#146;s policy for assessing
recoverability of its available-for-sale securities is to record a charge against net earnings when the Company determines that a decline in the fair value of a security drops below the cost basis and believes that decline to be
other-than-temporary. Factors in the assessment of other-than-temporary impairment include determining whether (1) the Company has the ability and intent to hold the security until it recovers, and (2) the length of time and degree to
which the security&#146;s price has declined. During the year ended 
 -87-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

December 31, 2011, the Company recorded impairment of $24,356 compared to an impairment of $1,856 and $4,038 for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 for other-than-temporary
declines on certain available-for-sale securities, which is included as a component of realized gain (loss) and impairment on securities, net on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 Dividend income is recognized when earned. During the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, dividend income of $18,586, $18,386 and $17,977
was recognized and is included in interest and dividend income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 (8) Leases 
 Operating Leases 
 Minimum lease payments to be received under operating leases, excluding multi-family and lodging properties and rental income under master lease
agreements and assuming no expiring leases are renewed, are as follows: 

 Minimum Lease Payments 

 2012 
 
 $ 
 540,900 

 2013 

 503,287 

 2014 

 467,522 

 2015 

 437,415 

 2016 

 389,105 

 Thereafter 

 1,685,517 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 4,023,746 

 The remaining lease terms range from one year to 29 years. The majority of the revenue from the Company&#146;s properties
consists of rents received under long-term operating leases. Some leases provide for the payment of fixed base rent paid monthly in advance, and for the reimbursement by tenants to the Company for the tenant&#146;s pro rata share of certain
operating expenses including real estate taxes, special assessments, insurance, utilities, common area maintenance, management fees, and certain building repairs paid by the landlord and recoverable under the terms of the lease. Under these leases,
the landlord pays all expenses and is reimbursed by the tenant for the tenant&#146;s pro rata share of recoverable expenses paid. Certain other tenants are subject to net leases which provide that the tenant is responsible for fixed based rent as
well as all costs and expenses associated with occupancy. Under net leases where all expenses are paid directly by the tenant rather than the landlord, such expenses are not included in the consolidated statements of operations and other
comprehensive income. Under leases where all expenses are paid by the landlord, subject to reimbursement by the tenant, the expenses are included within property operating expenses and reimbursements are included in tenant recovery income on the
consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 -88-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 (9) Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s identified intangible assets, intangible liabilities and goodwill as of
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

 Balance as
of December 31, 2011 

 Balance as of December 31, 2010 

 Intangible assets: 

 Acquired in-place lease 
 
 $ 
 601,959 

 $ 
 600,726 

 Acquired above market lease 

 37,624 

 43,495 

 Acquired below market ground lease 

 8,825 

 8,825 

 Advance bookings 

 5,924 

 5,924 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (335,761 
 ) 

 (279,815 
 ) 

 Net intangible assets 

 318,571 

 379,155 

 Goodwill, net 

 7,761 

 7,761 

 Total intangible assets, net 
 
 $ 
 326,332 

 $ 
 386,916 

 Intangible liabilities: 

 Acquired below market lease 
 
 $ 
 99,187 

 $ 
 92,341 

 Acquired above market ground lease 

 5,840 

 5,840 

 Accumulated amortization 

 (21,824 
 ) 

 (16,483 
 ) 

 Net intangible liabilities 
 
 $ 
 83,203 

 $ 
 81,698 

 The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired above market lease costs and acquired below market lease costs
are amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease, including the respective renewal period for below market lease costs with fixed rate renewals, as an adjustment to rental income. Amortization pertaining to the above market
lease costs was applied as a reduction to rental income. Amortization pertaining to the below market lease costs was applied as an increase to rental income. The portion of the purchase price allocated to acquired in-place lease intangibles is
amortized on a straight line basis over the life of the related lease. The following table summarized the amortization related to acquired
above and below market lease costs and acquired in-place lease intangibles for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 

 For the years ended 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 December 31, 2009 

 Amortization of: 

 Acquired above market lease costs 
 
 $ 
 (5,078 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (5,815 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (2,713 
 ) 
 
 Acquired below market lease costs 
 
 $ 
 6,779 

 $ 
 6,229 

 $ 
 4,680 

 Net rental income increase 
 
 $ 
 1,701 

 $ 
 414 

 $ 
 1,967 

 Acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 
 $ 
 64,700 

 $ 
 76,346 

 $ 
 72,818 

 -89-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The following table presents the amortization during the next five years related to intangible assets
and liabilities at December 31, 2011. 

 2012 

 2013 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Amortization of: 

 Acquired above market lease costs 
 
 $ 
 (4,451 
 ) 

 (3,688 
 ) 

 (3,230 
 ) 

 (2,755 
 ) 

 (2,515 
 ) 

 (6,039 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (22,678 
 ) 
 
 Acquired below market lease costs 
 
 $ 
 5,863 

 5,527 

 5,124 

 4,920 

 4,753 

 51,933 

 $ 
 78,120 

 Net rental income increase 
 
 $ 
 1,412 

 1,839 

 1,894 

 2,165 

 2,238 

 45,894 

 $ 
 55,442 

 Acquired in-place lease intangibles 
 
 $ 
 57,334 

 49,234 

 38,872 

 33,173 

 29,589 

 79,691 

 $ 
 287,893 

 Advance bookings 
 
 $ 
 47 

 36 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 $ 
 83 

 Acquired below market ground lease 
 
 $ 
 (228 
 ) 

 (228 
 ) 

 (228 
 ) 

 (228 
 ) 

 (228 
 ) 

 (6,777 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (7,917 
 ) 
 
 Acquired above market ground lease 
 
 $ 
 187 

 140 

 140 

 140 

 140 

 4,336 

 $ 
 5,083 

 (10) Mortgages, Notes and Margins Payable 
 During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the following debt transactions occurred: 

 Balance at December 31, 2009 
 
 $ 
 5,085,899 

 New financings 

 466,673 

 Assumed financings, net of discount 

 449,461 

 Paydown of debt 

 (446,549 
 ) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 

 (29,630 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of discount/premium 

 6,203 

 Balance at December 31, 2010 
 
 $ 
 5,532,057 

 New financings 

 1,252,057 

 Paydown of debt 

 (781,606 
 ) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 

 (102,983 
 ) 
 
 Amortization of discount/premium 

 3,187 

 Balance at December 31, 2011 
 
 $ 
 5,902,712 

 Mortgage loans outstanding as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 were $5,812,595 and $5,508,668 and had
a weighted average interest rate of 5.2% and 5.1% per annum, respectively. Mortgage premium and discount, net was a discount of $30,741 and $38,712 as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. As of December 31, 2011, scheduled
maturities for the Company&#146;s outstanding mortgage indebtedness had various due dates through December 2047. 

 As of December 31, 2011 

 Weighted average interest rate 

 2012 
 
 $ 
 671,378 

 3.91 
 % 
 
 2013 
 
 $ 
 945,953 

 4.73 
 % 
 
 2014 
 
 $ 
 582,576 

 4.30 
 % 
 
 2015 
 
 $ 
 428,303 

 5.48 
 % 
 
 2016 
 
 $ 
 574,938 

 5.61 
 % 
 
 Thereafter 
 
 $ 
 2,609,447 

 5.78 
 % 
 
 -90-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The Company is negotiating refinancing debt maturing in 2012 and 2013 with various lenders at terms that
will allow us to pay lower interest rates. It is anticipated that the Company will be able to repay, refinance or extend the maturities and the Company believes it has adequate sources of funds to meet short term cash needs related to these
refinancings. Of the total outstanding debt, approximately $828,785 is recourse to the Company. Some of the mortgage loans require compliance
with certain covenants, such as debt service ratios, investment restrictions and distribution limitations. As of December 31, 2011, the Company was in compliance with all mortgage loan requirements except six loans with a carrying value of
$102,853; none of which are cross collateralized with any other mortgage loans or recourse to the Company. The stated maturities of the mortgage loans in default are reflected as follows: $12,100 in 2011, $5,310 in 2012, $9,757 in 2016 and $75,686
in 2017. During the first quarter of 2011, the Company fully amortized the $10,368 of a mark to market mortgage discount on three properties.
The recognition of the $10,368 discount was recorded as a result of the properties&#146; mortgage loans, totaling $63,955, being in default. During the fourth quarter of 2011, one of the properties was surrendered to the lender, therefore, $4,006 of
the fully amortized mark to market discount was reflected in discontinued operations. The Company has purchased a portion of its securities
through margin accounts. As of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the Company has recorded a payable of $120,858 and $62,101, respectively, for securities purchased on margin. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
this rate was 0.621% and 0.609%. Interest expense in the amount of $473, $419 and $168 was recognized in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010
and 2009, respectively. 
 (11) Derivatives 
 As of December 31, 2011, in connection with certain mortgages payable that have variable interest rates, the Company has entered
into interest rate swap agreements, with a notional value of $289,087. The Company&#146;s interest rate swaps involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed rate payments over the life of
the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The interest rate swaps were considered highly effective as of December 31, 2011. The change in the fair value of the Company&#146;s swaps as reflected in other comprehensive
income was $1,249, $300, and $5,220 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. 
 -91-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The following table summarizes interest rate swap and cap contracts outstanding as of December 31,
2011 and December 31, 2010: 

 Date Entered 
 
 Effective Date 
 
 End Date 
 
 Pay Fixed Rate 
 
 Receive Floating Rate Index 

 Notional Amount 

 Fair Value as
of December 31, 2011 

 Fair Value as
of December 31, 2010 

 March 28,2008 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 
 March 31, 2011 
 
 2.81% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 $ 
 N/A 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (312 
 ) 
 
 November 16,2007 
 
 November 20, 2007 
 
 April 1, 2011 
 
 4.45% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 N/A 

 0 

 (253 
 ) 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 
 March 28, 2008 
 
 March 27, 2013 
 
 3.32% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 33,062 

 (1,156 
 ) 

 (1,819 
 ) 
 
 December 23,2008 
 
 January 5, 2009 
 
 December 22, 2011 
 
 1.86% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 N/A 

 0 

 (242 
 ) 
 
 January 16, 2009 
 
 January 13, 2009 
 
 January 13, 2012 
 
 1.62% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 22,000 

 (10 
 ) 

 (282 
 ) 
 
 August 19, 2010 
 
 August 31, 2010 
 
 March 27, 2012 
 
 0.63% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 33,056 

 (22 
 ) 

 (84 
 ) 
 
 October 15, 2010 
 
 November 1, 2010 
 
 December 19, 2011 
 
 0.77% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 N/A 

 0 

 (487 
 ) 
 
 October 15, 2010 
 
 November 1, 2010 
 
 April 23, 2013 
 
 0.94% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 29,727 

 (181 
 ) 

 (54 
 ) 
 
 January 7, 2011 
 
 January 7, 2011 
 
 January 13, 2013 
 
 0.91% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 26,347 

 (121 
 ) 

 N/A 

 January 7, 2011 
 
 January 7, 2011 
 
 January 13, 2013 
 
 0.91% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 22,917 

 (105 
 ) 

 N/A 

 April 28, 2011 
 
 May 3, 2011 
 
 September 30, 2012 
 
 1.575% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 56,702 

 (481 
 ) 

 N/A 

 September 1, 2011 
 
 September 29,2012 
 
 September 29, 2014 
 
 0.79% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 56,702 

 (130 
 ) 

 N/A 

 October 14, 2011 
 
 October 14, 2011 
 
 October 22, 2013 
 
 1.037% 

 1 month LIBOR 

 8,574 

 (78 
 ) 

 N/A 

 $ 
 289,087 

 $ 
 (2,284 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (3,533 
 ) 
 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily
by managing the amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and through the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to add stability to interest expense and to manage its
exposure to interest rate movements. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a
counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The derivative instruments were reported at their fair value of $2,284 and $3,533 in other liabilities
at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is
subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the next 12 months, the Company estimates that $1,929 will be reclassified into earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in
fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. 
 -92-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The tables below present the effect of the Company&#146;s derivative financial instruments on the
consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009: 

 Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
 
 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) For the years
ended December 31, 

 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI
into Income (Effective Portion) 

 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income (Effective Portion) For
the years ended December 31, 

 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in
Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 

 Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and
Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) For the years ended December 31, 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Interest Rate Products 
 
 $ 
 1,249 

 $ 
 300 

 $ 
 5,220 

 Interest expense 

 $ 
 (4,012 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (4,508 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (8,766 
 ) 

 Interest expense 

 $ 
 (84 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 473 

 $ 
 (262 
 ) 
 
 (12) Fair Value Measurements 
 In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures, the Company defines fair value based on the price that would be
received upon sale of an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and
unobservable inputs used to measure fair value. The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which are described below: 

 &#149; 
 
 Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. 

 &#149; 
 
 Level 2 - Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets;
quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

 &#149; 
 
 Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and
liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. The Company has estimated the fair value of its financial and non-financial instruments using available market information and valuation methodologies the Company believes to be appropriate for these
purposes. Considerable judgment and a high degree of subjectivity are involved in developing these estimates and, accordingly, they are not necessarily indicative of amounts that would be realized upon disposition. 
 -93-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 For assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, quantitative disclosure of the
fair value for each major category of assets and liabilities is presented below: 

 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2011 

 Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

 Using Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 (Level 2) 

 Using Significant Other Unobservable Inputs 
 (Level 3) 

 Description 

 Available-for-sale real estate equity securities 
 
 $ 
 274,274 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 Real estate related bonds 

 0 

 15,091 

 0 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 274,274 

 $ 
 15,091 

 $ 
 0 

 Derivative interest rate instruments 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (2,284 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 0 

 Total liabilities 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (2,284 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 0 

 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2010 

 Using Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

 Using Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

 Using Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Description 

 Available-for-sale real estate equity securities 
 
 $ 
 246,158 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 Real estate related bonds 

 0 

 7,680 

 Commercial mortgage backed securities 

 0 

 0 

 14,888 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 246,158 

 $ 
 7,680 

 $ 
 14,888 

 Put/call agreement in MB REIT 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (1,274 
 ) 
 
 Derivative interest rate instruments 

 0 

 (3,533 
 ) 

 0 

 Total liabilities 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 (3,533 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (1,274 
 ) 

 Level 1 At
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the fair value of the available for sale real estate equity securities have been estimated based upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues when current quoted market prices are
available. Unrealized gains or losses on investment are reflected in unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities in other comprehensive income on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 Level 2 To calculate the fair value of the
real estate related bonds and the derivative interest rate instruments, the Company primarily uses quoted prices for similar securities and contracts. For the real estate related bonds, the Company reviews price histories for similar market
transactions. For the derivatives, the Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty&#146;s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements which
utilizes Level 3 inputs, such as 
 -94-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

estimates of current credit spreads. However, as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company has assessed that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of
its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Level 3 Recurring Measurements The following table summarizes activity for the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using Level 3 inputs as of December 31, 2011 and 2010: 

 Level 3 Assets 

 Level 3 Liabilities 

 Balance, December 31, 2009 
 
 $ 
 9,551 

 $ 
 (1,950 
 ) 
 
 Purchases 

 0 

 0 

 Sales 

 0 

 0 

 Realized gains 

 0 

 676 

 Unrealized gains 

 5,337 

 0 

 Balance, December 31, 2010 
 
 $ 
 14,888 

 $ 
 (1,274 
 ) 
 
 Purchases 

 0 

 0 

 Sales 

 (16,363 
 ) 

 0 

 Realized gains 

 1,475 

 1,274 

 Unrealized losses 

 0 

 0 

 Balance, December 31, 2011 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 0 

 Non-Recurring Measurements The following table summarizes activity for the Company&#146;s assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The Company recognized certain non-cash gains and impairment charges to reflect the
investments at their fair values for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010. The asset groups that were reflected at fair value through this evaluation are: 

 As of December 31, 2011 

 As of December 31, 2010 

 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Total Gain (Impairment Losses),
net 

 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

 Total Gain (Impairment Losses), net 

 Investment properties 
 
 $ 
 308,544 

 $ 
 (105,795 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 40,509 

 $ 
 (46,584 
 ) 
 
 Notes receivable 

 0 

 0 

 36,400 

 (111,896 
 ) 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated entities 

 43,658 

 (96,471 
 ) 

 121,320 

 (11,239 
 ) 
 
 Consolidated investment 

 0 

 0 

 37,496 

 433 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 352,202 

 $ 
 (202,266 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 235,725 

 $ 
 (169,286 
 ) 

 -95-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The Company&#146;s estimated fair value relating to the investment properties&#146; impairment analysis
is based on a comparison of letters of intent or purchase contracts, broker opinions of value and discounted cash flow models, which includes contractual inflows and outflows over a specific holding period. The cash flows consist of unobservable
inputs such as contractual revenues and forecasted revenues and expenses. These unobservable inputs are based on market conditions and the Company&#146;s expected growth rates. Capitalization rates and discount rates are utilized in the model and
are based upon observable rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. During the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company identified certain properties which may have a reduction in the expected
holding period and the Company reviewed the probability of these assets&#146; dispositions. For the years ended, December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the impairment of the investment properties was $105,795, $3,180 and $1,117, respectively.
Certain properties have been disposed and were impaired prior to disposition and the related impairment charge of $57,846, $44,349 and $32,934 is included in discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. When the Company assesses the potential impairment of notes receivable, an evaluation of the fair value of the collateral is
performed through a review of third party appraisals and discounted cash flow models. The Company&#146;s discounted cash flow model includes contractual inflows and outflows over a specific holding period and utilizes unobservable inputs based on
market conditions and the Company&#146;s expected growth rates. The Company believes the capitalization rates and discount rates utilized in the models are based upon observable rates that are within a reasonable range of current market rates.
 On October 22, 2010, the Company entered into a restructure agreement with a borrower, being Stan Thomas Properties on three loans. As
part of the restructure, the Company received title and all rights to two land parcels, located in Florida and California, that secured the notes receivable, and in return, the Company released its collateral rights to a third land parcel as well as
the personal guarantees of Stan Thomas. Prior to foreclosure, the Company recorded its note receivable at the estimated fair values for the two land sites that were to be received as part of the restructure. For the year ended December 31,
2010, the Company recorded an impairment of $94,627. The unobservable inputs used in the Stan Thomas note receivable evaluation include significant judgments of future long-term real estate, governmental and economic conditions to develop
cash-flowing investments from these land parcels. These primary inputs are conditioned on a long-term recovery of these real estate markets so that development of certain infrastructure relating to the parcels will deliver positive risk-adjusted
returns. For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, the Company recorded $0, $111,896 and $74,136, respectively, of
impairment losses. The Company recognized an investment in unconsolidated entities of $17,150 equal to its equity investment in a trust which
owns 100% of a hotel property. The investment was a result of a conversion of a note receivable to an equity interest in which the Company recognized a gain of $17,150. The fair value of hotel property was estimated based on analysis of appraisals,
broker opinions of value, and discounted cash flow models, which includes contractual inflows and outflows over a specific holding period. The Company recognized an impairment charge in unconsolidated entities of $113,621 in part based on the fair
value of the underlying assets of the investment using a discounted cash flow model, including discount rates and capitalization rates on the expected future cash flows of the properties. The cash flows consist of unobservable inputs such as
contractual revenues and forecasted revenues and expenses. These unobservable inputs are based on market conditions and expected growth rates. Capitalization rates and discount rates are utilized in the model and are based upon observable rates that
the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 
 -96-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 Financial Instruments not Measured at Fair Value 
 The table below represents the fair value of financial instruments presented at carrying values in our consolidated financial statements as of
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. 

 December 31, 2011 

 December 31, 2010 

 Carrying Value 

 Estimated Fair Value 

 Carrying Value 

 Estimated Fair Value 

 Mortgage and notes payable 
 
 $ 
 5,812,595 

 $ 
 5,524,022 

 $ 
 5,508,668 

 $ 
 5,408,898 

 Margins payable 
 
 $ 
 120,858 

 $ 
 120,858 

 $ 
 62,101 

 $ 
 62,101 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of its mortgages and margins payable by discounting the future cash flows of each
instrument at rates currently offered to the Company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by the Company&#146;s lenders. 
 (13) Income Taxes 
 The Company is qualified and has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (&#147;REIT&#148;) under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, for federal income tax purposes commencing with the tax year ending December 31, 2005. Since the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable
income that is distributed to stockholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable income (subject to certain adjustments)
to its stockholders. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates.
Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company may be subject to certain state and local taxes on its income, property or net worth and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed income. 
 The Company has elected to treat certain of its consolidated subsidiaries, and may in the future elect to treat newly formed subsidiaries, as taxable
REIT subsidiaries pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Taxable REIT subsidiaries may participate in non-real estate related activities and/or perform non-customary services for tenants and are subject to federal and state income tax at regular
corporate tax rates. The Company&#146;s hotels are leased to certain of the Company&#146;s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Lease revenue from these taxable REIT subsidiaries and its wholly-owned subsidiaries is eliminated in consolidation. 
 The components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Federal 

 State 

 Total 

 Federal 

 State 

 Total 

 Federal 

 State 

 Total 

 Current 
 
 $ 
 110 

 $ 
 588 

 $ 
 698 

 $ 
 1,502 

 $ 
 1,466 

 $ 
 2,968 

 $ 
 (2,043 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,728 

 $ 
 (315 
 ) 
 
 Deferred 

 (3,837 
 ) 

 (248 
 ) 

 (4,085 
 ) 

 (6,698 
 ) 

 (788 
 ) 

 (7,486 
 ) 

 859 

 83 

 942 

 Total income expense (benefit) 
 
 $ 
 (3,727 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 340 

 $ 
 (3,387 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (5,196 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 678 

 $ 
 (4,518 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (1,184 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,811 

 $ 
 627 

 -97-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2011 and 2010 were as
follows: 

 2011 

 2010 

 Net operating loss 
 
 $ 
 16,084 

 $ 
 12,406 

 Deferred income 

 1,536 

 0 

 Basis difference on development property 

 31,916 

 108 

 Lease acquisition costs 

 314 

 941 

 Depreciation expense 

 753 

 849 

 Miscellaneous 

 118 

 0 

 Total deferred tax assets 

 50,721 

 14,304 

 Less: Valuation allowance 

 (38,300 
 ) 

 (5,969 
 ) 

 Net deferred tax assets 
 
 $ 
 12,421 

 $ 
 8,335 

 Gain on sales of real estate, net of depreciation effect 

 0 

 1,408 

 Straight-line rents 

 0 

 7 

 Miscellaneous 

 0 

 (30 
 ) 

 Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 1,385 

 Federal net operating loss carryforwards amounting to $16,084 begin to expire in 2023, if not utilized by then.
 Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is more likely than not that they will be realized based on consideration of
available evidence, including future reversal of existing taxable temporary difference, future projected taxable income, and tax planning strategies. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. The Company has considered various factors, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. 
 Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences, net of the existing valuation allowance of $38,300 at December 31, 2011. The amount of the deferred tax
assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. Uncertain Tax Positions The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of or during the
three year period ended December 31, 2011. The Company expects no significant increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits due to changes in tax positions within one year of December 31, 2011. The Company has no material interest or
penalties relating to income taxes recognized in the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 or in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2011
and 2010. As of December 31, 2011, the Company&#146;s 2010, 2009, and 2008 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state tax jurisdictions. 
 -98-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 Distributions For federal income tax purposes, distributions may consist of ordinary income, qualifying dividends, return of capital, capital gains or a combination thereof. Distributions to the extent of the
Company&#146;s current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes are taxable to the recipient as ordinary income. Distributions in excess of these earnings and profits will constitute a non-taxable return of capital rather
than a dividend and will reduce the recipient&#146;s basis in the shares. A summary of the average taxable nature of the Company&#146;s
common distributions paid for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2011 is as follows: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Ordinary income 
 
 $ 
 0.19 

 $ 
 0.17 

 $ 
 0.14 

 Return of capital 

 0.31 

 0.33 

 0.37 

 Total distributions per share 
 
 $ 
 0.50 

 $ 
 0.50 

 $ 
 0.51 

 (14) Segment Reporting 
 The Company has five business segments: Office, Retail, Industrial, Lodging and Multi-family. The Company evaluates segment performance
primarily based on net property operations. Net property operations of the segments primarily exclude interest expense, depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, net income of noncontrolling interest and other investment
income from corporate investments. The non-segmented assets primarily include the Company&#146;s cash and cash equivalents, investment in marketable securities, construction in progress, investment in unconsolidated entities and notes receivable.
 Prior to October 1, 2010, the Company considered the net property operations of the assets of LIP Holdings, LLC, its 100% owned
subsidiary (LIP-H), which consisted of eight operating office and retail properties, a segment. Due to the settlement and consolidation of the remaining Lauth assets and the disposition of four of eight LIP-H assets, the Company no longer evaluates
the net property operations of these assets as a segment. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the assets of the LIP-H segment were classified into the appropriate segment as identified above. The Company has restated the prior years&#146;
comparatives to conform with current year presentation. For the year ended December 31, 2011, approximately 9% of the Company&#146;s
rental revenue was generated by over 400 retail banking properties leased to SunTrust Banks, Inc. Also, as of December 31, 2011, approximately 7% of the Company&#146;s rental revenue was generated by three properties leased to AT&T, Inc. As
a result of the concentration of revenue generated from these properties, if SunTrust or AT&T were to cease paying rent or fulfilling its other monetary obligations, the Company could have significantly reduced rental revenues or higher expenses
until the defaults were cured or the properties were leased to a new tenant or tenants. 
 -99-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2011. 

 Total 

 Office 

 Retail 

 Industrial 

 Lodging 

 Multi- Family 

 Property rentals 
 
 $ 
 624,632 

 $ 
 143,112 

 $ 
 304,170 

 $ 
 85,001 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 92,349 

 Straight-line rents 

 13,785 

 4,213 

 5,297 

 4,050 

 0 

 225 

 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

 1,701 

 (66 
 ) 

 2,037 

 (270 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Total rental income 
 
 $ 
 640,118 

 $ 
 147,259 

 $ 
 311,504 

 $ 
 88,781 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 92,574 

 Tenant recovery income 

 93,816 

 25,300 

 64,085 

 3,965 

 0 

 466 

 Other property income 

 18,113 

 3,885 

 5,411 

 1,188 

 0 

 7,629 

 Lodging income 

 571,104 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 571,104 

 0 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 1,323,151 

 $ 
 176,444 

 $ 
 381,000 

 $ 
 93,934 

 $ 
 571,104 

 $ 
 100,669 

 Operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 596,409 

 $ 
 44,394 

 $ 
 104,104 

 $ 
 9,564 

 $ 
 390,067 

 $ 
 48,280 

 Net property operations 
 
 $ 
 726,742 

 $ 
 132,050 

 $ 
 276,896 

 $ 
 84,370 

 $ 
 181,037 

 $ 
 52,389 

 Non allocated expenses (a) 
 
 $ 
 (501,082 
 ) 

 Other income and expenses (b) 
 
 $ 
 (280,977 
 ) 

 Loss from unconsolidated entities (c) 
 
 $ 
 (118,825 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment 
 
 $ 
 (105,795 
 ) 

 Net loss from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 (279,937 
 ) 

 Loss from discontinued operations, net 
 
 $ 
 (29,608 
 ) 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 $ 
 (6,708 
 ) 

 Net loss attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (316,253 
 ) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 &#145; 

 Real estate assets, net 
 
 $ 
 9,429,500 

 $ 
 1,568,153 

 $ 
 3,803,062 

 $ 
 910,227 

 $ 
 2,386,432 

 $ 
 761,626 

 Non-segmented assets 

 1,489,690 

 Total Assets 
 
 $ 
 10,919,190 

 Capital expenditures 
 
 $ 
 83,405 

 $ 
 5,427 

 $ 
 18,642 

 $ 
 4,168 

 $ 
 53,453 

 $ 
 1,715 

 (a) 
 Non allocated expenses consist of general and administrative expenses, business manager management fee and depreciation and amortization. 

 (b) 
 Other income and expenses consist of interest and dividend income, interest expense, other income and expenses, realized gain and impairment on securities, net, and
income tax benefit. 

 (c) 
 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities consists of equity (losses) in earnings of unconsolidated entities as well as gain (impairment) of investment in
unconsolidated entities. 
 -100-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2010. 

 Total 

 Office 

 Retail 

 Industrial 

 Lodging 

 Multi- Family 

 Property rentals 
 
 $ 
 587,813 

 $ 
 141,903 

 $ 
 279,515 

 $ 
 84,635 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 81,760 

 Straight-line rents 

 17,438 

 5,833 

 6,922 

 4,480 

 0 

 203 

 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

 414 

 (78 
 ) 

 2,003 

 (1,511 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Total rental income 
 
 $ 
 605,665 

 $ 
 147,658 

 $ 
 288,440 

 $ 
 87,604 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 81,963 

 Tenant recovery income 

 87,730 

 26,419 

 58,620 

 2,318 

 0 

 373 

 Other property income 

 16,909 

 4,227 

 4,998 

 1,104 

 0 

 6,580 

 Lodging income 

 476,590 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 476,590 

 0 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 1,186,894 

 $ 
 178,304 

 $ 
 352,058 

 $ 
 91,026 

 $ 
 476,590 

 $ 
 88,916 

 Operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 518,872 

 $ 
 44,690 

 $ 
 91,999 

 $ 
 7,633 

 $ 
 326,953 

 $ 
 47,597 

 Net property operations 
 
 $ 
 668,022 

 $ 
 133,614 

 $ 
 260,059 

 $ 
 83,393 

 $ 
 149,637 

 $ 
 41,319 

 Non allocated expenses (a) 
 
 $ 
 (488,778 
 ) 

 Other income and expenses (b) 
 
 $ 
 (225,224 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities (c) 
 
 $ 
 (29,923 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment (d) 
 
 $ 
 (115,076 
 ) 

 Gain on consolidated investment 
 
 $ 
 433 

 Net loss from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 (190,546 
 ) 

 Income from discontinued operations, net 
 
 $ 
 23,254 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 $ 
 (9,139 
 ) 

 Net loss attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (176,431 
 ) 

 Balance Sheet Data: 

 &#145; 

 Real estate assets, net 
 
 $ 
 9,643,194 

 $ 
 1,730,995 

 $ 
 3,745,959 

 $ 
 944,181 

 $ 
 2,424,363 

 $ 
 797,696 

 Non-segmented assets 

 1,748,308 

 Total Assets 
 
 $ 
 11,391,502 

 Capital expenditures 
 
 $ 
 101,723 

 $ 
 7,114 

 $ 
 17,674 

 $ 
 903 

 $ 
 73,757 

 $ 
 2,275 

 (a) 
 Non allocated expenses consist of general and administrative expenses, business manager management fee and depreciation and amortization. 

 (b) 
 Other income and expenses consist of interest and dividend income, interest expense, other income, realized gain and impairment on securities, net, and income tax
expense. 

 (c) 
 Loss from unconsolidated entities consists of equity losses in earnings of unconsolidated entities as well as gain (impairment) of investment in unconsolidated
entities. 

 (d) 
 Provision for asset impairment consists of provision for asset impairment and provision for notes receivable impairment. 
 -101-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 
 
 The following table summarizes net property operations income by segment as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2009. 

 Total 

 Office 

 Retail 

 Industrial 

 Lodging 

 Multi- Family 

 Property rentals 
 
 $ 
 501,372 

 $ 
 141,910 

 $ 
 226,294 

 $ 
 71,082 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 62,086 

 Straight-line rents 

 16,814 

 6,093 

 5,615 

 4,695 

 0 

 411 

 Amortization of acquired above and below market leases, net 

 1,968 

 (281 
 ) 

 2,636 

 (387 
 ) 

 0 

 0 

 Total rental income 
 
 $ 
 520,154 

 $ 
 147,722 

 $ 
 234,545 

 $ 
 75,390 

 $ 
 0 

 $ 
 62,497 

 Tenant recovery income 

 80,072 

 28,076 

 47,783 

 3,918 

 0 

 295 

 Other property income 

 18,323 

 6,072 

 6,287 

 1,083 

 0 

 4,881 

 Lodging income 

 440,025 

 0 

 0 

 0 

 440,025 

 0 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 1,058,574 

 $ 
 181,870 

 $ 
 288,615 

 $ 
 80,391 

 $ 
 440,025 

 $ 
 67,673 

 Operating expenses 
 
 $ 
 464,122 

 $ 
 45,401 

 $ 
 73,705 

 $ 
 8,021 

 $ 
 302,184 

 $ 
 34,811 

 Net property operations 
 
 $ 
 594,452 

 $ 
 136,469 

 $ 
 214,910 

 $ 
 72,370 

 $ 
 137,841 

 $ 
 32,862 

 Non allocated expenses (a) 
 
 $ 
 (453,724 
 ) 

 Other income and expenses (b) 
 
 $ 
 (153,924 
 ) 

 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities (c) 
 
 $ 
 (85,930 
 ) 

 Provision for asset impairment (d) 
 
 $ 
 (101,930 
 ) 

 Loss on consolidated investment 
 
 $ 
 (148,887 
 ) 

 Net loss from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 (349,943 
 ) 

 Income from discontinued operations, net 
 
 $ 
 (39,066 
 ) 

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 $ 
 (8,951 
 ) 

 Net loss attributable to Company 
 
 $ 
 (397,960 
 ) 

 (a) 
 Non allocated expenses consist of general and administrative expenses, business manager management fee and depreciation and amortization. 

 (b) 
 Other income and expenses consist of interest and dividend income, interest expense, other income and expenses, realized gain and impairment on securities, net, and
income tax expense. 

 (c) 
 Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities consists of equity (losses) in earnings of unconsolidated entities as well as gain (impairment) of investment in
unconsolidated entities. 

 (d) 
 Provision for asset impairment consists of provision for asset impairment, provision for good will impairment, and provision for notes receivable impairment.
 
 -102-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts) December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 

 (15) Earnings (loss) per Share 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share (&#147;EPS&#148;) are computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period (the &#147;common shares&#148;). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the common shares plus potential common shares issuable upon exercising options or other contracts. There are an immaterial
amount of potentially dilutive common shares. The basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding was 858,637,707,
835,131,057 and 811,400,035 for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009. 
 (16) Commitments and Contingencies 
 On June 17, 2011, Crockett Capital Corporation and the Company agreed to a mutual customary release of all claims arising from or
related to pending litigation, upon which, the Company made a payment of $5,100 which is reflected in other income (expense), net on the consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income. 
 Certain leases and operating agreements within the lodging segment require the Company to reserve funds relating to replacements and renewals of the
hotels&#146; furniture, fixtures and equipment. As of December 31, 2011, the Company has funded $40,570 in reserves for future improvements. This amount is included in restricted cash and escrows on the consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2011. The Company has also filed a number of eviction actions against tenants and is involved in a number of tenant
bankruptcies. The tenants in some of the eviction cases may file counterclaims against the Company in an attempt to gain leverage against the Company in connection with the eviction. In the opinion of the Company, none of these counterclaims is
likely to result in any material losses to the Company. 
 (17) Quarterly Supplemental Financial Information (unaudited) 
 The following represents the results of operations, for each quarterly period, during 2011 and 2010. 

 2011 

 Dec. 31 

 Sept. 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 339,687 

 332,929 

 336,237 

 314,298 

 Net loss 

 (182,076 
 ) 

 (48,952 
 ) 

 (26,114 
 ) 

 (52,403 
 ) 
 
 Net loss attributable to Company 

 (182,188 
 ) 

 (51,677 
 ) 

 (27,761 
 ) 

 (54,627 
 ) 
 
 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

 (0.22 
 ) 

 (0.06 
 ) 

 (0.03 
 ) 

 (0.06 
 ) 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

 867,028,126 

 861,505,671 

 855,953,324 

 849,843,349 

 2010 

 Dec. 31 

 Sept. 30 

 June 30 

 March 31 

 Total income 
 
 $ 
 295,149 

 321,174 

 322,415 

 292,997 

 Net loss 

 (18,338 
 ) 

 (119,894 
 ) 

 (1,963 
 ) 

 (27,097 
 ) 
 
 Net loss attributable to Company 

 (20,483 
 ) 

 (122,480 
 ) 

 (4,129 
 ) 

 (29,339 
 ) 
 
 Net loss, per common share, basic and diluted (1) 

 (.01 
 ) 

 (.15 
 ) 

 (.01 
 ) 

 (.04 
 ) 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 

 843,554,275 

 837,717,745 

 832,322,161 

 826,716,592 

 (1) 
 Quarterly income per common share amounts may not total to the annual amounts due to rounding and the changes in the number of weighted common shares outstanding
 
 -103-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated
Depreciation (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 Retail 

 14th STREET MARKET 
 Plano, TX 

 7,712 

 3,500 

 9,241 

 &#151; 

 8 

 3,500 

 9,249 

 12,749 

 1,538 

 2007 

 24 HOUR FITNESS -THE WOODLANDS 
 Woodlands, TX 

 3,500 

 1,540 

 11,287 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,540 

 11,287 

 12,827 

 2,469 

 2005 

 95th and CICERO 
 Oak Lawn, IL 

 8,949 

 4,500 

 9,910 

 &#151; 

 (24 
 ) 

 4,500 

 9,886 

 14,386 

 1,169 

 2008 

 ALCOA EXCHANGE 
 Bryant, AR 

 12,810 

 4,900 

 15,577 

 &#151; 

 59 

 4,900 

 15,636 

 20,536 

 2,040 

 2008 

 ALCOA EXCHANGE II 
 Benton, AR 

 &#151; 

 1,300 

 5,511 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,300 

 5,511 

 6,811 

 593 

 2009 

 ANDERSON CENTRAL Anderson, SC 

 13,653 

 2,800 

 9,961 

 &#151; 

 65 

 2,800 

 10,026 

 12,826 

 651 

 2010 

 ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 5,490 

 1,645 

 7,343 

 &#151; 

 224 

 1,645 

 7,567 

 9,212 

 1,635 

 2005 

 ATASCOCITA SHOPPING CENTER 
 Humble, TX 

 &#151; 

 1,550 

 7,994 

 (398 
 ) 

 (3,258 
 ) 

 1,152 

 4,737 

 5,889 

 97 

 2005 

 BARTOW MARKETPLACE 
 Atlanta, GA 

 23,298 

 5,600 

 20,154 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,600 

 20,154 

 25,754 

 1,319 

 2010 
 
 -104-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 BAY COLONY 
 League City, TX 

 22,255 

 3,190 

 30,828 

 &#151; 

 5,281 

 3,190 

 36,109 

 39,299 

 7,245 

 2005 

 BAY COLONY II 
 League City, TX 

 27,470 

 4,500 

 32,514 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,500 

 32,514 

 37,014 

 381 

 2011 

 BEAR CREEK VILLAGE CENTER 
 Wildomar, CA 

 15,065 

 3,523 

 12,384 

 &#151; 

 (85 
 ) 

 3,523 

 12,300 

 15,823 

 1,223 

 2009 

 BELLERIVE PLAZA 
 Nicholasville, KY 

 6,092 

 2,400 

 7,749 

 &#151; 

 74 

 2,400 

 7,823 

 10,223 

 1,318 

 2007 

 BENT TREE PLAZA 
 Raleigh, NC 

 6,518 

 1,983 

 7,093 

 &#151; 

 (121 
 ) 

 1,983 

 6,971 

 8,954 

 785 

 2009 

 BI-LO&#151;GREENVILLE 
 Greenville, SC 

 4,286 

 1,400 

 5,503 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,400 

 5,503 

 6,903 

 1,075 

 2006 

 BLACKHAWK TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 12,125 

 1,645 

 19,982 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,645 

 19,982 

 21,627 

 4,310 

 2005 

 BOYNTON COMMONS 
 Miami, FL 

 27,854 

 11,400 

 17,315 

 &#151; 

 132 

 11,400 

 17,447 

 28,847 

 1,146 

 2010 

 BRANDON CENTRE SOUTH 
 Brandon, FL 

 16,133 

 5,720 

 19,500 

 &#151; 

 677 

 5,720 

 20,177 

 25,897 

 3,314 

 2007 

 BROOKS CORNER 
 San Antonio, TX 

 14,167 

 10,600 

 13,648 

 &#151; 

 2,778 

 10,600 

 16,427 

 27,027 

 3,190 

 2006 
 
 -105-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 BUCKHEAD CROSSING 
 Atlanta, GA 

 33,215 

 7,565 

 27,104 

 &#151; 

 (1,327 
 ) 

 7,565 

 25,777 

 33,343 

 2,606 

 2009 

 BUCKHORN PLAZA 
 Bloomsburg, PA 

 9,025 

 1,651 

 11,770 

 &#151; 

 770 

 1,651 

 12,540 

 14,190 

 2,409 

 2006 

 CAMPUS MARKETPLACE 
 San Marcos, CA 

 19,217 

 6,723 

 27,462 

 &#151; 

 (257 
 ) 

 6,723 

 27,205 

 33,927 

 2,669 

 2009 

 CANFIELD PLAZA 
 Canfield, OH 

 7,575 

 2,250 

 10,339 

 (370 
 ) 

 (3,406 
 ) 

 1,880 

 6,933 

 8,813 

 127 

 2006 

 CENTERPLACE OF GREELEY 
 Greeley, CO 

 17,175 

 3,904 

 14,715 

 &#151; 

 (129 
 ) 

 3,904 

 14,585 

 18,490 

 1,515 

 2009 

 CHESAPEAKE COMMONS 
 Chesapeake, VA 

 8,950 

 2,669 

 10,839 

 &#151; 

 3 

 2,669 

 10,841 

 13,510 

 1,887 

 2007 

 CHEYENNE MEADOWS 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

 6,490 

 2,023 

 6,991 

 &#151; 

 (152 
 ) 

 2,023 

 6,839 

 8,861 

 706 

 2009 

 CHILI&#146;S&#151;HUNTING BAYOU 
 Jacinto City, TX 

 &#151; 

 400 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 400 

 &#151; 

 400 

 &#151; 

 2005 

 CINEMARK&#151;JACINTO CITY 
 Jacinto City, TX 

 &#151; 

 1,160 

 10,540 

 (164 
 ) 

 (3,668 
 ) 

 996 

 6,872 

 7,868 

 141 

 2005 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Hamden, CT 

 678 

 525 

 737 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 525 

 735 

 1,260 

 123 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Colchester, CT 

 1,095 

 450 

 1,191 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 450 

 1,187 

 1,637 

 199 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Deep River, CT 

 2,018 

 480 

 2,194 

 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 

 480 

 2,187 

 2,667 

 367 

 2007 
 
 -106-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 East Lyme, CT 

 1,142 

 430 

 1,242 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 430 

 1,238 

 1,668 

 208 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Montville, CT 

 2,435 

 111 

 2,648 

 &#151; 

 (9 
 ) 

 111 

 2,640 

 2,751 

 443 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Stonington, CT 

 1,123 

 450 

 1,221 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 450 

 1,217 

 1,667 

 204 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 Stonington, CT 

 1,150 

 420 

 1,251 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 420 

 1,247 

 1,667 

 209 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) CONNECTICUT 
 East Hampton, CT 

 808 

 490 

 879 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 490 

 876 

 1,366 

 147 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 Lewes, DE 

 653 

 525 

 353 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 525 

 349 

 874 

 59 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 Wilmington, DE 

 467 

 275 

 252 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 275 

 250 

 525 

 42 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) DELAWARE 
 Wilmington, DE 

 393 

 485 

 212 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 485 

 210 

 695 

 35 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Orland Hills, IL 

 3,260 

 1,870 

 2,414 

 &#151; 

 (6 
 ) 

 1,870 

 2,408 

 4,278 

 404 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Calumet City, IL 

 361 

 450 

 267 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 450 

 267 

 717 

 45 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Chicago, IL 

 179 

 815 

 133 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 815 

 132 

 947 

 22 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Villa Park, IL 

 512 

 575 

 379 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 575 

 378 

 953 

 64 

 2007 
 
 -107-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Westchester, IL 

 786 

 725 

 582 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 725 

 580 

 1,305 

 97 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Olympia Fields, IL 

 1,443 

 375 

 1,069 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 375 

 1,066 

 1,441 

 179 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) ILLINOIS 
 Chicago Heights, IL 

 1,221 

 290 

 904 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 290 

 902 

 1,192 

 152 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MELLON BANK BLD 
 Georgetown, DE 

 2,205 

 725 

 2,255 

 &#151; 

 297 

 725 

 2,553 

 3,278 

 401 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 Farmington, MI 

 640 

 500 

 174 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 500 

 174 

 674 

 29 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MICHIGAN 
 Troy, MI 

 803 

 1,100 

 219 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,100 

 219 

 1,319 

 37 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Keene, NH 

 2,407 

 1,050 

 2,121 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,050 

 2,121 

 3,171 

 356 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Manchester, NH 

 1,270 

 554 

 1,119 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 554 

 1,119 

 1,673 

 188 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Manchester, NH 

 1,420 

 618 

 1,251 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 618 

 1,251 

 1,869 

 210 

 2007 
 
 -108-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Salem, NH 

 1,472 

 641 

 1,297 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 641 

 1,297 

 1,938 

 218 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Manchester, NH 

 17,744 

 9,620 

 15,633 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9,620 

 15,633 

 25,253 

 2,625 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Hinsdale, NH 

 319 

 172 

 281 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 172 

 281 

 453 

 47 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Ossipee, NH 

 284 

 111 

 250 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 111 

 250 

 361 

 42 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW HAMPSHIRE 
 Pelham, NH 

 294 

 176 

 259 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 176 

 259 

 435 

 44 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 Haddon Heights, NJ 

 821 

 500 

 466 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 500 

 466 

 966 

 78 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW JERSEY 
 Marlton, NJ 

 824 

 850 

 468 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 850 

 468 

 1,318 

 79 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) NEW YORK 
 Plattsburgh, NY 

 1,156 

 70 

 1,342 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 70 

 1,342 

 1,412 

 225 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 Fairlawn, OH 

 2,333 

 400 

 1,736 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 400 

 1,736 

 2,136 

 291 

 2007 
 
 -109-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 Bedford, OH 

 565 

 450 

 420 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 450 

 420 

 870 

 71 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 Parma, OH 

 641 

 625 

 477 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 625 

 477 

 1,102 

 80 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 Parma, OH 

 678 

 900 

 505 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 900 

 505 

 1,405 

 85 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 Parma Heights, OH 

 683 

 750 

 508 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 750 

 508 

 1,258 

 85 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) OHIO 
 South Russell, OH 

 1,178 

 850 

 876 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 850 

 876 

 1,726 

 147 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Altoona, PA 

 689 

 50 

 771 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 771 

 821 

 130 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Ashley, PA 

 1,013 

 85 

 1,134 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 85 

 1,133 

 1,218 

 190 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Brodheadsville, PA 

 1,022 

 675 

 1,144 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 675 

 1,144 

 1,819 

 192 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Butler, PA 

 1,282 

 75 

 1,434 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 75 

 1,434 

 1,509 

 241 

 2007 
 
 -110-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Camp Hill, PA 

 1,269 

 1,150 

 1,420 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,150 

 1,419 

 2,569 

 238 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Camp Hill, PA 

 1,199 

 500 

 1,342 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 1,342 

 1,842 

 225 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Carnegie, PA 

 1,636 

 125 

 1,830 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 125 

 1,830 

 1,955 

 307 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Charlerol, PA 

 1,390 

 40 

 1,555 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 40 

 1,555 

 1,595 

 261 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Dallas, PA 

 1,275 

 325 

 1,427 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 325 

 1,427 

 1,752 

 240 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Dallastown, PA 

 860 

 150 

 962 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 962 

 1,112 

 162 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Dillsburg, PA 

 1,303 

 260 

 1,458 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 260 

 1,458 

 1,718 

 245 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Drexel Hill, PA 

 1,479 

 485 

 1,655 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 485 

 1,655 

 2,140 

 278 

 2007 
 
 -111-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Ford City, PA 

 988 

 50 

 1,106 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 1,106 

 1,156 

 186 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Glenside, PA 

 1,544 

 385 

 1,727 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 385 

 1,727 

 2,112 

 290 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Greensburg, PA 

 813 

 125 

 909 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 125 

 909 

 1,034 

 153 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Highspire, PA 

 975 

 300 

 1,092 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 1,091 

 1,391 

 183 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Homestead, PA 

 902 

 100 

 1,009 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 100 

 1,009 

 1,109 

 169 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Kingston, PA 

 1,516 

 300 

 1,697 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 1,696 

 1,996 

 285 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Kittanning, PA 

 1,240 

 50 

 1,388 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 1,388 

 1,438 

 233 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Matamoras, PA 

 1,625 

 330 

 1,819 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 330 

 1,819 

 2,149 

 305 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 McKees Rocks, PA 

 1,034 

 100 

 1,157 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 100 

 1,157 

 1,257 

 194 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 

 2,619 

 250 

 2,931 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 250 

 2,931 

 3,181 

 492 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Mercer, PA 

 465 

 40 

 521 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 40 

 520 

 560 

 87 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Milford, PA 

 1,450 

 275 

 1,623 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 275 

 1,623 

 1,898 

 273 

 2007 
 
 -112-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Philadelphia, PA 

 1,105 

 600 

 1,237 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 1,237 

 1,837 

 208 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Philadelphia, PA 

 942 

 245 

 1,054 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 245 

 1,054 

 1,299 

 177 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Philadelphia, PA 

 1,200 

 700 

 1,342 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 700 

 1,342 

 2,042 

 225 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pitcairn, PA 

 1,011 

 75 

 1,131 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 75 

 1,131 

 1,206 

 190 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 3,278 

 75 

 3,668 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 75 

 3,668 

 3,743 

 616 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,849 

 100 

 2,069 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 100 

 2,069 

 2,169 

 347 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 2,811 

 900 

 3,146 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 900 

 3,145 

 4,045 

 528 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 922 

 150 

 1,032 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 1,032 

 1,182 

 173 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 2,969 

 75 

 3,322 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 75 

 3,322 

 3,397 

 558 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,414 

 75 

 1,583 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 75 

 1,582 

 1,657 

 266 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,364 

 50 

 1,527 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 1,527 

 1,577 

 256 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Reading, PA 

 2,024 

 165 

 2,265 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 165 

 2,265 

 2,430 

 380 

 2007 
 
 -113-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Reading, PA 

 1,194 

 120 

 1,336 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 120 

 1,336 

 1,456 

 224 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Souderton, PA 

 1,116 

 650 

 1,249 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 650 

 1,249 

 1,899 

 210 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 State College, PA 

 1,494 

 400 

 1,672 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 400 

 1,671 

 2,071 

 281 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Tannersville, PA 

 1,094 

 730 

 1,225 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 730 

 1,224 

 1,954 

 206 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Turtle Creek, PA 

 1,123 

 150 

 1,257 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 1,257 

 1,407 

 211 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Tyrone, PA 

 821 

 50 

 919 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 919 

 969 

 154 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Upper Darby, PA 

 1,152 

 530 

 1,289 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 530 

 1,289 

 1,819 

 217 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 West Chester, PA 

 861 

 115 

 964 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 115 

 964 

 1,079 

 162 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 West Hazelson, PA 

 2,481 

 125 

 2,776 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 125 

 2,776 

 2,901 

 466 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 York, PA 

 2,695 

 400 

 3,016 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 400 

 3,015 

 3,415 

 506 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Aliquippa, PA 

 597 

 150 

 668 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 668 

 818 

 112 

 2007 
 
 -114-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Allison Park, PA 

 680 

 750 

 761 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 750 

 761 

 1,511 

 128 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Altoona, PA 

 512 

 100 

 573 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 100 

 573 

 673 

 96 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Beaver Falls, PA 

 451 

 350 

 504 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 350 

 504 

 854 

 85 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Carlisle, PA 

 506 

 350 

 567 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 350 

 567 

 917 

 95 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Cranberry, PA 

 431 

 100 

 483 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 100 

 483 

 583 

 81 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Erie, PA 

 545 

 275 

 610 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 275 

 610 

 885 

 103 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Grove City, PA 

 343 

 90 

 383 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 90 

 383 

 473 

 64 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Grove City, PA 

 547 

 40 

 612 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 40 

 612 

 652 

 103 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Harrisburg, PA 

 604 

 625 

 676 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 625 

 676 

 1,301 

 114 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Haertown, PA 

 699 

 690 

 782 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 690 

 782 

 1,472 

 131 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Hollidaysburg, PA 

 655 

 50 

 733 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 733 

 783 

 123 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Kutztown, PA 

 526 

 420 

 589 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 420 

 589 

 1,009 

 99 

 2007 
 
 -115-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Lancaster, PA 

 548 

 650 

 614 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 650 

 614 

 1,264 

 103 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Lancaster, PA 

 599 

 500 

 671 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 671 

 1,171 

 113 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Latrobe, PA 

 481 

 200 

 538 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 200 

 538 

 738 

 90 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Lititz, PA 

 493 

 175 

 552 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 175 

 552 

 727 

 93 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Lower Burrell, PA 

 575 

 225 

 644 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 225 

 644 

 869 

 108 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Mountain Top, PA 

 484 

 210 

 542 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 210 

 542 

 752 

 91 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Munhall, PA 

 246 

 125 

 275 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 125 

 275 

 400 

 46 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 New Stanton, PA 

 615 

 500 

 688 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 688 

 1,188 

 116 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Oakmont, PA 

 863 

 225 

 966 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 225 

 966 

 1,191 

 162 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Oil City, PA 

 479 

 50 

 536 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 50 

 536 

 586 

 90 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Philadelphia, PA 

 609 

 225 

 682 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 225 

 682 

 907 

 115 

 2007 
 
 -116-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,540 

 500 

 1,723 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 1,723 

 2,223 

 289 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,292 

 300 

 1,446 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 1,446 

 1,746 

 243 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 1,002 

 275 

 1,121 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 275 

 1,121 

 1,396 

 188 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 836 

 250 

 936 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 250 

 936 

 1,186 

 157 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Saxonburg, PA 

 714 

 75 

 799 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 75 

 799 

 874 

 134 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Shippensburg, PA 

 373 

 225 

 417 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 225 

 417 

 642 

 70 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Slovan, PA 

 215 

 200 

 241 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 200 

 241 

 441 

 40 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 State College, PA 

 478 

 325 

 535 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 325 

 535 

 860 

 90 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Temple, PA 

 581 

 245 

 650 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 245 

 650 

 895 

 109 

 2007 
 
 -117-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Verona, PA 

 578 

 300 

 647 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 647 

 947 

 109 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Warrendale, PA 

 971 

 1,250 

 1,086 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,250 

 1,086 

 2,336 

 182 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 West Grove, PA 

 589 

 390 

 659 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 390 

 659 

 1,049 

 111 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Wexford, PA 

 578 

 600 

 647 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 646 

 1,246 

 109 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Wilkes-Barre, PA 

 865 

 225 

 968 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 225 

 968 

 1,193 

 163 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 York, PA 

 628 

 700 

 703 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 700 

 703 

 1,403 

 118 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) PENNSYLVANIA 
 Mount Lebanon, PA 

 1,950 

 250 

 2,182 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 250 

 2,181 

 2,431 

 366 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Coventry, RI 

 1,006 

 438 

 1,095 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 438 

 1,093 

 1,531 

 184 

 2007 
 
 -118-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Cranston, RI 

 1,476 

 643 

 1,607 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 643 

 1,604 

 2,247 

 269 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Johnston, RI 

 1,236 

 538 

 1,346 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 538 

 1,343 

 1,881 

 226 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 North Providence, RI 

 1,818 

 821 

 1,980 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 821 

 1,976 

 2,797 

 332 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Providence, RI 

 1,072 

 600 

 1,168 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 600 

 1,166 

 1,766 

 196 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Wakefield, RI 

 1,338 

 666 

 1,457 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 666 

 1,455 

 2,120 

 244 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Providence, RI 

 3,506 

 1,278 

 3,817 

 &#151; 

 (7 
 ) 

 1,278 

 3,810 

 5,088 

 640 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Warwick, RI 

 14,561 

 2,254 

 15,856 

 &#151; 

 (30 
 ) 

 2,254 

 15,826 

 18,080 

 2,658 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 East Greenwich, RI 

 586 

 375 

 639 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 375 

 637 

 1,012 

 107 

 2007 
 
 -119-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 North Providence, RI 

 719 

 472 

 783 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 472 

 781 

 1,253 

 131 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Rumford, RI 

 647 

 366 

 705 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 366 

 703 

 1,069 

 118 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) RHODE ISLAND 
 Warren, RI 

 603 

 353 

 657 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 353 

 655 

 1,009 

 110 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) VERMONT 
 Middlebury, VT 

 1,013 

 1,270 

 153 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,270 

 153 

 1,423 

 26 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Ludlow, MA 

 1,210 

 400 

 1,002 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 400 

 1,001 

 1,401 

 168 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Malden, MA 

 2,175 

 1,263 

 1,802 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 1,263 

 1,800 

 3,062 

 302 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Malden, MA 

 976 

 607 

 809 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 607 

 808 

 1,415 

 136 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Medford, MA 

 1,518 

 952 

 1,258 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 952 

 1,256 

 2,208 

 211 

 2007 
 
 -120-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Milton, MA 

 2,760 

 1,431 

 2,287 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 1,431 

 2,284 

 3,714 

 383 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Randolph, MA 

 1,719 

 998 

 1,424 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 998 

 1,422 

 2,419 

 239 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 South Dennis, MA 

 1,421 

 743 

 1,177 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 743 

 1,176 

 1,918 

 197 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Springfield, MA 

 1,034 

 310 

 856 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 310 

 855 

 1,165 

 144 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Woburn, MA 

 1,309 

 1,050 

 1,085 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,050 

 1,083 

 2,133 

 182 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Dorchester, MA 

 512 

 300 

 424 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 300 

 424 

 724 

 71 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Needham, MA 

 668 

 440 

 553 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 440 

 553 

 993 

 93 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 New Bedford, MA 

 640 

 450 

 530 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 450 

 530 

 980 

 89 

 2007 
 
 -121-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Somerville, MA 

 725 

 595 

 601 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 595 

 600 

 1,194 

 101 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Springfield, MA 

 293 

 300 

 243 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 242 

 542 

 41 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Tewksbury, MA 

 859 

 621 

 712 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 621 

 711 

 1,332 

 119 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Watertown, MA 

 636 

 552 

 527 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 552 

 526 

 1,078 

 88 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Wilbraham, MA 

 482 

 350 

 399 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 350 

 399 

 749 

 67 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Winthrop, MA 

 994 

 541 

 824 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 541 

 823 

 1,364 

 138 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Dedham, MA 

 995 

 379 

 824 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 379 

 823 

 1,202 

 138 

 2007 

 CITIZENS (CFG) MASSACHUSETTS 
 Hanover, MA 

 1,246 

 542 

 1,032 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 542 

 1,031 

 1,573 

 173 

 2007 
 
 -122-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 CITY CROSSING 
 Warner Robins, GA 

 17,418 

 4,200 

 5,679 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,200 

 5,679 

 9,879 

 435 

 2010 

 COWETA CROSSING 
 Newnan, GA 

 3,143 

 1,143 

 4,590 

 &#151; 

 (316 
 ) 

 1,143 

 4,274 

 5,417 

 476 

 2009 

 CROSS TIMBERS COURT 
 Flower Mound, TX 

 8,193 

 3,300 

 9,939 

 &#151; 

 55 

 3,300 

 9,995 

 13,295 

 1,671 

 2007 

 CROSSROADS AT CHESAPEAKE SQUARE 
 Chesapeake, VA 

 11,210 

 3,970 

 13,732 

 &#151; 

 572 

 3,970 

 14,304 

 18,274 

 2,504 

 2007 

 CUSTER CREEK VILLAGE 
 Richardson, TX 

 10,149 

 4,750 

 12,245 

 &#151; 

 32 

 4,750 

 12,276 

 17,026 

 2,040 

 2007 

 CYFAIR TOWN CENTER 
 Cypress, TX 

 9,095 

 1,800 

 13,093 

 &#151; 

 53 

 1,800 

 13,146 

 14,946 

 2,480 

 2006 

 CYFAIR TOWN CENTER II 
 Houston, TX 

 32,955 

 11,300 

 39,840 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 11,300 

 39,840 

 51,140 

 367 

 2011 

 CYPRESS TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 &#151; 

 1,850 

 11,630 

 (805 
 ) 

 (7,315 
 ) 

 1,045 

 4,314 

 5,359 

 43 

 2005 

 DONELSON PLAZA 
 Nashville, TN 

 2,315 

 1,000 

 3,147 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,000 

 3,147 

 4,147 

 548 

 2007 

 DOTHAN PAVILION 
 Dothan, AL 

 37,165 

 8,200 

 38,759 

 &#151; 

 454 

 8,200 

 39,214 

 47,414 

 4,085 

 2009 

 EAST GATE 
 Aiken, SC 

 6,800 

 2,000 

 10,305 

 &#151; 

 26 

 2,000 

 10,330 

 12,330 

 1,784 

 2007 
 
 -123-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 ELDRIDGE TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 9,000 

 3,200 

 16,663 

 &#151; 

 300 

 3,200 

 16,963 

 20,163 

 3,813 

 2005 

 FABYAN RANDALL PLAZA 
 Batavia, IL 

 13,405 

 2,400 

 22,198 

 &#151; 

 (6 
 ) 

 2,400 

 22,192 

 24,592 

 4,269 

 2006 

 FAIRVIEW MARKET 
 Simpsonville, SC 

 2,553 

 1,140 

 5,241 

 &#151; 

 (308 
 ) 

 1,140 

 4,932 

 6,072 

 494 

 2009 

 FLOWER MOUND CROSSING 
 Flower Mound, TX 

 8,342 

 4,500 

 9,049 

 &#151; 

 278 

 4,500 

 9,327 

 13,827 

 1,591 

 2007 

 FOREST PLAZA 
 Fond du Lac, WI 

 2,024 

 3,400 

 14,550 

 &#151; 

 489 

 3,400 

 15,039 

 18,439 

 2,325 

 2007 

 FURY&#146;S FERRY 
 Augusta, GA 

 6,381 

 1,600 

 9,783 

 &#151; 

 498 

 1,600 

 10,281 

 11,881 

 1,723 

 2007 

 GARDEN VILLAGE 
 San Pedro, CA 

 12,100 

 3,188 

 16,522 

 &#151; 

 (220 
 ) 

 3,188 

 16,302 

 19,491 

 1,628 

 2009 

 GATEWAY MARKET CENTER 
 Tampa, FL 

 23,173 

 13,600 

 4,992 

 &#151; 

 298 

 13,600 

 5,289 

 18,889 

 410 

 2010 

 GATEWAY PLAZA 
 Jacksonville, NC 

 10,098 

 4,700 

 6,769 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,700 

 6,769 

 11,469 

 470 

 2010 

 GLENDALE HEIGHTS I, II, III 
 Glendale Heights, IL 

 4,705 

 2,220 

 6,399 

 &#151; 

 96 

 2,220 

 6,496 

 8,716 

 1,269 

 2006 

 GRAFTON COMMONS SHOPPING CENTER 
 Grafton, WI 

 18,516 

 7,200 

 26,984 

 &#151; 

 70 

 7,200 

 27,054 

 34,254 

 2,002 

 2009 
 
 -124-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 GRAVOIS DILLON PLAZA 
 High Ridge, MO 

 12,630 

 7,300 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 16,020 

 7,300 

 16,020 

 23,320 

 2,685 

 2007 

 HERITAGE CROSSING 
 Wilson, NC 

 17,051 

 4,400 

 22,921 

 &#151; 

 1,200 

 4,400 

 24,121 

 28,521 

 1,501 

 2010 

 HERITAGE HEIGHTS 
 Grapevine, TX 

 10,719 

 4,600 

 13,502 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,600 

 13,502 

 18,102 

 2,241 

 2007 

 HERITAGE PLAZA&#151;CHICAGO 
 Carol Stream, IL 

 15,243 

 5,297 

 8,831 

 &#151; 

 (548 
 ) 

 5,297 

 8,284 

 13,580 

 884 

 2009 

 HIGHLAND PLAZA 
 Katy, TX 

 &#151; 

 2,450 

 15,642 

 (520 
 ) 

 (6,240 
 ) 

 1,930 

 9,402 

 11,332 

 203 

 2005 

 HIRAM PAVILION 
 Hiram, GA 

 37,609 

 4,600 

 16,832 

 &#151; 

 935 

 4,600 

 17,767 

 22,367 

 1,176 

 2010 

 HUNTER&#146;S GLEN CROSSING 
 Plano, TX 

 9,790 

 4,800 

 11,719 

 &#151; 

 149 

 4,800 

 11,868 

 16,668 

 1,960 

 2007 

 HUNTING BAYOU 
 Jacinto City, TX 

 &#151; 

 2,400 

 16,265 

 &#151; 

 791 

 2,400 

 17,056 

 19,456 

 3,734 

 2006 

 IA ORLANDO SAND 
 Orlando, FL 

 &#151; 

 19,388 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 19,388 

 &#151; 

 19,388 

 &#151; 

 2011 

 INTECH RETAIL 
 Indianapolis, IN 

 2,722 

 819 

 2,038 

 &#151; 

 81 

 819 

 2,119 

 2,938 

 234 

 2009 

 JAMES CENTER 
 Tacoma, WA 

 12,925 

 4,497 

 16,219 

 &#151; 

 (139 
 ) 

 4,497 

 16,080 

 20,578 

 1,798 

 2009 

 JOSEY OAKS CROSSING 
 Carrollton, TX 

 9,346 

 2,620 

 13,989 

 &#151; 

 258 

 2,620 

 14,247 

 16,867 

 2,359 

 2007 
 
 -125-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 LA FITNESS AT ELDRIDGE LAKES 
 Houston, TX 

 5,000 

 500 

 8,398 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 500 

 8,398 

 8,898 

 74 

 2011 

 LAKEPORT COMMONS 
 Sioux City, IA 

 &#151; 

 7,800 

 39,984 

 &#151; 

 2,733 

 7,800 

 42,717 

 50,517 

 6,227 

 2007 

 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 Margate, FL 

 11,497 

 4,115 

 20,646 

 (259 
 ) 

 (5,060 
 ) 

 3,856 

 15,587 

 19,443 

 323 

 2006 

 LAKEWOOD SHOPPING CTR PHASE II 
 Margate, FL 

 &#151; 

 6,340 

 6,996 

 (481 
 ) 

 (1,597 
 ) 

 5,859 

 5,400 

 11,259 

 102 

 2007 

 LEGACY CROSSING 
 Marion, OH 

 10,890 

 4,280 

 13,896 

 &#151; 

 230 

 4,280 

 14,126 

 18,406 

 2,388 

 2007 

 LEXINGTON ROAD 
 Athens, GA 

 5,454 

 1,980 

 7,105 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,980 

 7,105 

 9,085 

 1,346 

 2006 

 LINCOLN MALL 
 Lincoln, RI 

 33,835 

 11,000 

 50,395 

 &#151; 

 3,733 

 11,000 

 54,127 

 65,127 

 10,171 

 2006 

 LINCOLN VILLAGE 
 Chicago, IL 

 22,035 

 13,600 

 25,053 

 &#151; 

 513 

 13,600 

 25,566 

 39,166 

 4,787 

 2006 

 LORD SALISBURY CENTER 
 Salisbury, MD 

 12,600 

 11,000 

 9,567 

 &#151; 

 18 

 11,000 

 9,585 

 20,585 

 1,575 

 2007 

 MARKET AT MORSE / HAMILTON 
 Columbus, OH 

 7,893 

 4,490 

 8,734 

 &#151; 

 9 

 4,490 

 8,742 

 13,232 

 1,588 

 2007 
 
 -126-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 MARKET AT WESTLAKE 
 Westlake Hills, TX 

 4,803 

 1,200 

 6,274 

 &#151; 

 79 

 1,200 

 6,353 

 7,553 

 1,081 

 2007 

 MCKINNEY TOWN CENTER 
 McKinney, TX 

 21,678 

 16,297 

 22,562 

 &#151; 

 183 

 16,297 

 22,745 

 39,042 

 1,340 

 2007 

 MERCHANTS CROSSING 
 Englewood, FL 

 11,359 

 3,404 

 11,281 

 &#151; 

 (1,157 
 ) 

 3,404 

 10,124 

 13,528 

 1,148 

 2009 

 MIDDLEBURG CROSSING 
 Middleburg, FL 

 6,432 

 2,760 

 7,145 

 &#151; 

 407 

 2,760 

 7,552 

 10,312 

 1,147 

 2007 

 MONADNOCK MARKETPLACE 
 Keene, NH 

 26,785 

 7,000 

 39,008 

 &#151; 

 255 

 7,000 

 39,262 

 46,262 

 8,219 

 2006 

 NEW FOREST CROSSING II 
 Houston, TX 

 3,438 

 1,490 

 3,922 

 (253 
 ) 

 (999 
 ) 

 1,237 

 2,923 

 4,160 

 59 

 2006 

 NEWTOWN ROAD 
 Virginia Beach, VA 

 968 

 574 

 877 

 &#151; 

 (877 
 ) 

 574 

 &#151; 

 574 

 &#151; 

 2006 

 NORTHWEST MARKETPLACE 
 Houston, TX 

 19,965 

 2,910 

 30,340 

 &#151; 

 48 

 2,910 

 30,388 

 33,298 

 4,891 

 2007 

 NTB ELDRIDGE 
 Houston, TX 

 500 

 960 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 960 

 &#151; 

 960 

 &#151; 

 2005 

 PALAZZO DEL LAGO 
 Orlando, FL 

 &#151; 

 8,938 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,938 

 &#151; 

 8,938 

 &#151; 

 2010 

 PALM HARBOR SHOPPING CENTER 
 Palm Coast, FL 

 12,100 

 2,836 

 10,927 

 &#151; 

 (574 
 ) 

 2,836 

 10,353 

 13,189 

 1,064 

 2009 
 
 -127-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 PARADISE PLACE 
 West Palm Beach, FL 

 10,149 

 3,975 

 5,912 

 &#151; 

 3 

 3,975 

 5,915 

 9,890 

 389 

 2010 

 PARADISE SHOPS OF LARGO 
 Largo, FL 

 6,632 

 4,640 

 7,483 

 &#151; 

 (13 
 ) 

 4,640 

 7,470 

 12,110 

 1,698 

 2005 

 PARK WEST PLAZA 
 Grapevine, TX 

 7,532 

 4,250 

 8,186 

 &#151; 

 12 

 4,250 

 8,199 

 12,449 

 1,420 

 2007 

 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH 
 Grove City, OH 

 13,892 

 4,680 

 16,046 

 &#151; 

 1,818 

 4,680 

 17,864 

 22,544 

 3,116 

 2007 

 PARKWAY CENTRE NORTH OUTLOT B 
 Grove City, OH 

 2,198 

 900 

 2,590 

 &#151; 

 4 

 900 

 2,595 

 3,495 

 453 

 2007 

 PAVILION AT LAQUINTA 
 LaQuinta, CA 

 23,976 

 15,200 

 20,947 

 &#151; 

 16 

 15,200 

 20,964 

 36,164 

 2,098 

 2009 

 PAVILIONS AT HARTMAN HERITAGE 
 Independence, MO 

 23,450 

 9,700 

 28,849 

 &#151; 

 4,718 

 9,700 

 33,567 

 43,267 

 4,951 

 2007 

 PEACHLAND PROMENADE 
 Port Charlotte, FL 

 3,307 

 1,742 

 6,502 

 &#151; 

 (30 
 ) 

 1,742 

 6,472 

 8,214 

 716 

 2009 

 PENN PARK 
 Oklahoma City, OK 

 31,000 

 6,260 

 29,424 

 &#151; 

 1,797 

 6,260 

 31,221 

 37,481 

 4,639 

 2007 

 PIONEER PLAZA 
 Mesquite, TX 

 2,250 

 373 

 3,099 

 &#151; 

 12 

 373 

 3,111 

 3,484 

 541 

 2007 

 PLAZA AT EAGLE&#146;S LANDING 
 Stockbridge, GA 

 5,310 

 1,580 

 7,002 

 (560 
 ) 

 (3,685 
 ) 

 1,020 

 3,316 

 4,336 

 33 

 2006 
 
 -128-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 PLEASANT HILL SQUARE 
 Duluth, GA 

 30,459 

 7,950 

 22,651 

 &#151; 

 12 

 7,950 

 22,664 

 30,614 

 1,489 

 2010 

 POPLIN PLACE 
 Monroe, NC 

 23,268 

 6,100 

 27,790 

 &#151; 

 415 

 6,100 

 28,205 

 34,305 

 3,331 

 2008 

 PRESTONWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 Dallas, TX 

 26,600 

 25,400 

 17,193 

 &#151; 

 76 

 25,400 

 17,269 

 42,669 

 1,026 

 2010 

 PROMENADE FULTONDALE 
 Fultondale, AL 

 16,870 

 5,540 

 22,414 

 &#151; 

 156 

 5,540 

 22,570 

 28,110 

 2,310 

 2009 

 RALEIGH HILLSBOROUGH 
 Raleigh, NC 

 &#151; 

 2,605 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,605 

 &#151; 

 2,605 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 RIVERSTONE SHOPPING CENTER 
 Missouri City, TX 

 21,000 

 12,000 

 26,395 

 &#151; 

 228 

 12,000 

 26,622 

 38,622 

 4,373 

 2007 

 RIVERVIEW VILLAGE 
 Arlington, TX 

 10,121 

 6,000 

 9,649 

 &#151; 

 23 

 6,000 

 9,673 

 15,673 

 1,610 

 2007 

 ROSE CREEK 
 Woodstock, GA 

 4,400 

 1,443 

 5,630 

 &#151; 

 (99 
 ) 

 1,443 

 5,530 

 6,973 

 617 

 2009 

 ROSEWOOD SHOPPING CENTER 
 Columbia, SC 

 3,493 

 1,138 

 3,946 

 &#151; 

 (82 
 ) 

 1,138 

 3,864 

 5,003 

 437 

 2009 

 SALTGRASS RESTAURANT-HUNTING BAYOU 
 Jacinto City, TX 

 &#151; 

 540 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 540 

 &#151; 

 540 

 &#151; 

 2005 
 
 -129-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SARASOTA PAVILION 
 Sarasota, FL 

 40,425 

 12,000 

 25,823 

 &#151; 

 182 

 12,000 

 26,005 

 38,005 

 1,706 

 2010 

 SCOFIELD CROSSING 
 Austin, TX 

 8,435 

 8,100 

 4,992 

 &#151; 

 28 

 8,100 

 5,020 

 13,120 

 873 

 2007 

 SHALLOTTE COMMONS 
 Shallotte, NC 

 6,078 

 1,650 

 9,028 

 &#151; 

 93 

 1,650 

 9,120 

 10,770 

 1,460 

 2007 

 SHERMAN PLAZA 
 Evanston, IL 

 30,275 

 9,655 

 30,982 

 &#151; 

 8,514 

 9,655 

 39,495 

 49,150 

 6,648 

 2006 

 SHERMAN TOWN CENTER 
 Sherman, TX 

 34,672 

 4,850 

 49,273 

 &#151; 

 157 

 4,850 

 49,430 

 54,280 

 9,217 

 2006 

 SHERMAN TOWN CENTER II 
 Sherman, TX 

 &#151; 

 3,000 

 14,805 

 &#151; 

 (42 
 ) 

 3,000 

 14,763 

 17,763 

 547 

 2010 

 SHILOH SQUARE 
 Garland, TX 

 3,238 

 1,025 

 3,946 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,025 

 3,946 

 4,971 

 656 

 2007 

 SIEGEN PLAZA 
 East Baton Rouge, LA 

 16,600 

 9,340 

 20,251 

 &#151; 

 264 

 9,340 

 20,515 

 29,855 

 2,546 

 2008 

 SILVERLAKE 
 Erlanger, KY 

 5,561 

 2,031 

 6,975 

 &#151; 

 (134 
 ) 

 2,031 

 6,841 

 8,872 

 712 

 2009 

 SONIC AT ANTOINE TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 360 

 649 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 649 

 &#151; 

 649 

 &#151; 

 2011 

 SOUTHGATE VILLAGE 
 Pelham, AL 

 5,115 

 1,789 

 6,266 

 &#151; 

 (86 
 ) 

 1,789 

 6,180 

 7,969 

 551 

 2009 
 
 -130-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SPARKS CROSSING 
 Sparks, NV 

 &#151; 

 10,330 

 23,238 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 10,330 

 23,238 

 33,568 

 651 

 2011 

 SPRING TOWN CENTER 
 Spring, TX 

 &#151; 

 3,150 

 12,433 

 &#151; 

 121 

 3,150 

 12,554 

 15,704 

 2,509 

 2006 

 SPRING TOWN CENTER III 
 Spring, TX 

 &#151; 

 1,320 

 3,070 

 &#151; 

 2,008 

 1,320 

 5,078 

 6,398 

 709 

 2007 

 STABLES TOWN CENTER I and II 
 Spring, TX 

 13,750 

 4,650 

 19,006 

 &#151; 

 2,356 

 4,650 

 21,362 

 26,012 

 4,335 

 2005 

 STATE STREET MARKET 
 Rockford, IL 

 10,450 

 3,950 

 14,184 

 &#151; 

 998 

 3,950 

 15,182 

 19,132 

 2,820 

 2006 

 STONE CREEK 
 San Marcos, TX 

 10,135 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 20,960 

 &#151; 

 20,960 

 20,960 

 1,879 

 STONECREST MARKETPLACE 
 Lithonia, GA 

 34,516 

 6,150 

 23,321 

 &#151; 

 213 

 6,150 

 23,534 

 29,684 

 1,546 

 2010 

 STOP & SHOP&#151;SICKLERVILLE 
 Sicklerville, NJ 

 8,535 

 2,200 

 11,559 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,200 

 11,559 

 13,759 

 2,259 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;BRISTOL 
 Bristol, RI 

 8,311 

 1,700 

 11,830 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,700 

 11,830 

 13,530 

 2,312 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;CUMBERLAND 
 Cumberland, RI 

 11,531 

 2,400 

 16,196 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,400 

 16,196 

 18,596 

 3,165 

 2006 
 
 -131-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 STOP N SHOP - FRAMINGHAM 
 Framingham, MA 

 9,234 

 6,500 

 8,517 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,500 

 8,517 

 15,017 

 1,664 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;HYDE PARK 
 Hyde Park, NY 

 8,100 

 2,000 

 12,274 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,000 

 12,274 

 14,274 

 2,565 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;MALDEN 
 Malden, MA 

 12,660 

 6,700 

 13,828 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,700 

 13,828 

 20,528 

 2,702 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;SOUTHINGTON 
 Southington, CT 

 11,145 

 4,000 

 13,938 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,000 

 13,938 

 17,938 

 2,723 

 2006 

 STOP N SHOP&#151;SWAMPSCOTT 
 Swampscott, MA 

 11,021 

 4,200 

 13,613 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,200 

 13,613 

 17,813 

 2,660 

 2006 

 STREETS OF CRANBERRY 
 Cranberry Township, PA 

 20,100 

 4,300 

 20,215 

 &#151; 

 8,242 

 4,300 

 28,457 

 32,757 

 4,054 

 2007 

 STREETS OF INDIAN LAKES 
 Hendersonville, TN 

 37,500 

 8,825 

 48,679 

 &#151; 

 6,122 

 8,825 

 54,802 

 63,627 

 5,926 

 2008 

 SUNCREEK VILLAGE 
 Plano, TX 

 2,683 

 900 

 3,155 

 &#151; 

 26 

 900 

 3,181 

 4,081 

 556 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 Muscle Shoals, AL 

 964 

 675 

 1,018 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 675 

 1,017 

 1,692 

 152 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I AL 
 Killen, AL 

 425 

 633 

 449 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 633 

 449 

 1,082 

 67 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I DC 
 Brightwood, DC 

 &#151; 

 500 

 2,082 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 500 

 2,081 

 2,581 

 311 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Panama City, FL 

 703 

 1,200 

 603 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,200 

 603 

 1,803 

 90 

 2007 
 
 -132-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Orlando, FL 

 916 

 1,400 

 786 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,400 

 786 

 2,186 

 118 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Apopka, FL 

 722 

 1,276 

 620 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,276 

 620 

 1,896 

 93 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Bayonet Point, FL 

 680 

 1,285 

 584 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,285 

 584 

 1,869 

 87 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 West Palm Beach, FL 

 1,024 

 800 

 879 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 800 

 879 

 1,679 

 132 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Daytona Beach, FL 

 793 

 600 

 681 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 681 

 1,281 

 102 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Sarasota, FL 

 622 

 900 

 534 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 900 

 534 

 1,434 

 80 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Dade City, FL 

 495 

 759 

 425 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 759 

 425 

 1,184 

 64 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Pensacola, FL 

 418 

 725 

 359 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 725 

 359 

 1,084 

 54 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 

 1,330 

 1,100 

 1,142 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 1,142 

 2,242 

 171 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Clearwater, FL 

 1,087 

 1,700 

 933 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,700 

 933 

 2,633 

 140 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Daytona Beach, FL 

 700 

 1,218 

 601 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,218 

 601 

 1,819 

 90 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Deltona, FL 

 674 

 950 

 579 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 950 

 579 

 1,529 

 87 

 2007 
 
 -133-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Boca Raton, FL 

 989 

 1,900 

 849 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,900 

 849 

 2,749 

 127 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL Clearwater,
FL 

 934 

 900 

 802 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 900 

 801 

 1,701 

 120 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ocala, FL 

 668 

 1,476 

 574 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,476 

 574 

 2,049 

 86 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Palm Coast, FL 

 622 

 1,100 

 534 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 534 

 1,634 

 80 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Tampa, FL 

 405 

 650 

 348 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 650 

 348 

 998 

 52 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Fort Meade, FL 

 829 

 1,400 

 712 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,400 

 712 

 2,112 

 107 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Fruitland Park, FL 

 374 

 575 

 321 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 575 

 321 

 896 

 48 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ocala, FL 

 593 

 953 

 509 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 953 

 509 

 1,462 

 76 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ormond Beach, FL 

 898 

 950 

 771 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 950 

 771 

 1,721 

 115 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Gainesville, FL 

 625 

 1,100 

 537 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 537 

 1,637 

 80 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Lakeland, FL 

 426 

 625 

 366 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 625 

 366 

 991 

 55 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Hobe Sound, FL 

 747 

 950 

 641 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 950 

 641 

 1,591 

 96 

 2007 
 
 -134-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Mulberry, FL 

 366 

 600 

 314 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 314 

 914 

 47 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Indian Harbour Beach, FL 

 645 

 1,060 

 553 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,060 

 553 

 1,613 

 83 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Inverness, FL 

 833 

 500 

 715 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 715 

 1,215 

 107 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Lake Mary, FL 

 1,656 

 2,100 

 1,422 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,100 

 1,422 

 3,522 

 213 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL Melbourne,
FL 

 765 

 910 

 656 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 910 

 656 

 1,566 

 98 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 St. Petersburg, FL 

 611 

 1,000 

 525 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,000 

 524 

 1,524 

 79 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Lutz, FL 

 552 

 1,100 

 474 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 473 

 1,573 

 71 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Marianna, FL 

 979 

 275 

 841 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 275 

 841 

 1,116 

 126 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Gainesville, FL 

 396 

 730 

 340 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 730 

 340 

 1,070 

 51 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Vero Beach, FL 

 1,141 

 900 

 979 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 900 

 979 

 1,879 

 147 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Mount Dora, FL 

 899 

 500 

 772 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 772 

 1,272 

 116 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Sarasota, FL 

 990 

 1,800 

 850 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,800 

 850 

 2,650 

 127 

 2007 
 
 -135-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 New Smyrna Beach, FL 

 469 

 300 

 403 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 403 

 703 

 60 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Lakeland, FL 

 821 

 1,700 

 705 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,700 

 705 

 2,405 

 105 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 North Palm Beach, FL 

 682 

 1,300 

 585 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,300 

 585 

 1,885 

 88 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 

 643 

 900 

 552 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 900 

 551 

 1,451 

 83 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Clearwater, FL 

 477 

 1,100 

 410 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 410 

 1,510 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Okeechobee, FL 

 722 

 1,200 

 620 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,200 

 620 

 1,820 

 93 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ormond Beach, FL 

 1,001 

 650 

 859 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 650 

 859 

 1,509 

 129 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Osprey, FL 

 838 

 1,100 

 719 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,100 

 719 

 1,819 

 108 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Panama City Beach, FL 

 352 

 601 

 303 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 601 

 303 

 903 

 45 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 New Port Richey, FL 

 535 

 975 

 459 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 975 

 459 

 1,434 

 69 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Pembroke Pines, FL 

 825 

 1,750 

 708 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,750 

 708 

 2,458 

 106 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Orlando, FL 

 838 

 1,023 

 719 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,023 

 719 

 1,742 

 108 

 2007 
 
 -136-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Pompano Beach, FL 

 1,044 

 1,800 

 896 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,800 

 896 

 2,696 

 134 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Jacksonville, FL 

 547 

 1,030 

 469 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,030 

 469 

 1,499 

 70 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Brooksville, FL 

 181 

 298 

 155 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 298 

 155 

 453 

 23 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Miami, FL 

 1,624 

 2,803 

 1,394 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,803 

 1,394 

 4,197 

 209 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Rockledge, FL 

 672 

 490 

 577 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 490 

 577 

 1,067 

 86 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Tampa, FL 

 473 

 812 

 406 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 812 

 406 

 1,218 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Seminole, FL 

 1,329 

 1,565 

 1,141 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,565 

 1,141 

 2,706 

 171 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Orlando, FL 

 831 

 1,430 

 714 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,430 

 713 

 2,143 

 107 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Jacksonville, FL 

 502 

 861 

 431 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 861 

 430 

 1,291 

 64 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ocala, FL 

 890 

 1,500 

 764 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,500 

 764 

 2,264 

 114 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,330 

 2,200 

 1,142 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,200 

 1,142 

 3,342 

 171 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Brooksville, FL 

 390 

 600 

 335 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 335 

 935 

 50 

 2007 
 
 -137-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Spring Hill, FL 

 887 

 600 

 761 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 761 

 1,361 

 114 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 St. Augustine, FL 

 883 

 1,000 

 758 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,000 

 758 

 1,758 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 

 803 

 1,050 

 689 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,050 

 689 

 1,739 

 103 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Vero Beach, FL 

 514 

 850 

 441 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 850 

 441 

 1,291 

 66 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Gulf Breeze, FL 

 671 

 1,150 

 576 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,150 

 576 

 1,726 

 86 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Casselberry, FL 

 1,063 

 2,400 

 913 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,400 

 912 

 3,312 

 137 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Winter Park, FL 

 1,252 

 2,700 

 1,075 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,700 

 1,074 

 3,774 

 161 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Fort Pierce, FL 

 804 

 1,500 

 690 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,500 

 690 

 2,190 

 103 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Plant City, FL 

 531 

 600 

 456 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 600 

 456 

 1,056 

 68 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 St. Petersburg, FL 

 771 

 1,540 

 662 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,540 

 662 

 2,202 

 99 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Ormond Beach, FL 

 770 

 580 

 661 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 580 

 660 

 1,240 

 99 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 West St. Cloud, FL 

 916 

 1,840 

 786 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,840 

 786 

 2,626 

 118 

 2007 
 
 -138-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I FL 
 Tamarac, FL 

 759 

 1,450 

 652 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,450 

 652 

 2,102 

 98 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Brunswick, GA 

 578 

 1,050 

 584 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,050 

 584 

 1,634 

 87 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Kennesaw, GA 

 945 

 2,100 

 955 

 &#151; 

 0 

 2,100 

 955 

 3,055 

 143 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Columbus, GA 

 843 

 675 

 852 

 &#151; 

 0 

 675 

 852 

 1,527 

 128 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Austell, GA 

 709 

 925 

 716 

 &#151; 

 0 

 925 

 716 

 1,641 

 107 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 3,296 

 7,184 

 3,329 

 &#151; 

 0 

 7,184 

 3,330 

 10,514 

 498 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Chamblee, GA 

 748 

 1,375 

 756 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,375 

 756 

 2,131 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Conyers, GA 

 779 

 525 

 787 

 &#151; 

 0 

 525 

 787 

 1,312 

 118 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 1,199 

 1,750 

 1,211 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,750 

 1,212 

 2,962 

 181 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Savannah, GA 

 478 

 300 

 483 

 &#151; 

 0 

 300 

 483 

 783 

 72 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Dunwoody, GA 

 1,178 

 1,325 

 1,190 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,325 

 1,190 

 2,515 

 178 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Douglasville, GA 

 610 

 800 

 617 

 &#151; 

 0 

 800 

 617 

 1,417 

 92 

 2007 
 
 -139-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Albany, GA 

 250 

 325 

 253 

 &#151; 

 0 

 325 

 253 

 578 

 38 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Athens, GA 

 461 

 865 

 466 

 &#151; 

 0 

 865 

 466 

 1,330 

 70 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Macon, GA 

 403 

 250 

 408 

 &#151; 

 0 

 250 

 408 

 658 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 646 

 500 

 652 

 &#151; 

 0 

 500 

 653 

 1,153 

 98 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Duluth, GA 

 1,159 

 1,275 

 1,171 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,275 

 1,171 

 2,446 

 175 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Thomson, GA 

 559 

 360 

 565 

 &#151; 

 0 

 360 

 565 

 925 

 85 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Madison, GA 

 608 

 90 

 614 

 &#151; 

 0 

 90 

 614 

 704 

 92 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Savannah, GA 

 667 

 325 

 674 

 &#151; 

 0 

 325 

 674 

 999 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Marietta, GA 

 1,109 

 2,025 

 1,120 

 &#151; 

 0 

 2,025 

 1,120 

 3,145 

 168 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Marietta, GA 

 982 

 1,200 

 992 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,200 

 992 

 2,192 

 148 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Cartersville, GA 

 1,130 

 1,000 

 1,141 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,000 

 1,141 

 2,141 

 171 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 2,236 

 4,539 

 2,259 

 &#151; 

 0 

 4,539 

 2,259 

 6,798 

 338 

 2007 
 
 -140-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Lithonia, GA 

 461 

 300 

 465 

 &#151; 

 0 

 300 

 465 

 765 

 70 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Peachtree City, GA 

 1,023 

 1,500 

 1,034 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,500 

 1,034 

 2,534 

 155 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Stone Mountain, GA 

 681 

 575 

 688 

 &#151; 

 0 

 575 

 688 

 1,263 

 103 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 1,566 

 1,600 

 1,581 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,600 

 1,582 

 3,182 

 237 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Waycross, GA 

 651 

 175 

 658 

 &#151; 

 0 

 175 

 658 

 833 

 98 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Union City, GA 

 343 

 475 

 347 

 &#151; 

 0 

 475 

 347 

 822 

 52 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Savannah, GA 

 457 

 650 

 462 

 &#151; 

 0 

 650 

 462 

 1,112 

 69 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Morrow, GA 

 870 

 525 

 878 

 &#151; 

 0 

 525 

 878 

 1,403 

 132 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Norcross, GA 

 392 

 575 

 396 

 &#151; 

 0 

 575 

 396 

 971 

 59 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Stockbridge, GA 

 597 

 869 

 603 

 &#151; 

 0 

 869 

 603 

 1,472 

 90 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Stone Mountain, GA 

 445 

 250 

 449 

 &#151; 

 0 

 250 

 449 

 699 

 67 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Sylvester, GA 

 384 

 575 

 388 

 &#151; 

 0 

 575 

 388 

 963 

 58 

 2007 
 
 -141-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Evans, GA 

 1,054 

 1,100 

 1,065 

 &#151; 

 0 

 1,100 

 1,065 

 2,165 

 159 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I GA 
 Thomson, GA 

 291 

 200 

 294 

 &#151; 

 0 

 200 

 294 

 494 

 44 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Annapolis, MD 

 1,073 

 1,000 

 1,925 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,000 

 1,924 

 2,924 

 288 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Landover, MD 

 655 

 800 

 1,174 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 800 

 1,173 

 1,973 

 176 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Avondale, MD 

 788 

 600 

 1,414 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 600 

 1,413 

 2,013 

 212 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Cambridge, MD 

 815 

 800 

 1,462 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 800 

 1,461 

 2,261 

 219 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Cockeysville, MD 

 878 

 800 

 1,575 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 800 

 1,574 

 2,374 

 236 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Glen Burnie, MD 

 1,243 

 700 

 2,229 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 700 

 2,228 

 2,928 

 333 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Annapolis, MD 

 1,379 

 100 

 2,473 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 100 

 2,473 

 2,573 

 370 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I MD 
 Prince Frederick, MD 

 969 

 1,100 

 1,737 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,100 

 1,737 

 2,837 

 260 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Greensboro, NC 

 525 

 600 

 844 

 &#151; 

 0 

 600 

 844 

 1,444 

 126 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Greensboro, NC 

 447 

 550 

 719 

 &#151; 

 0 

 550 

 719 

 1,269 

 108 

 2007 
 
 -142-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Apex, NC 

 557 

 190 

 896 

 &#151; 

 0 

 190 

 896 

 1,086 

 134 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Arden, NC 

 296 

 450 

 477 

 &#151; 

 0 

 450 

 477 

 927 

 71 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Asheboro, NC 

 429 

 400 

 690 

 &#151; 

 0 

 400 

 690 

 1,090 

 103 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Bessemer City, NC 

 375 

 75 

 604 

 &#151; 

 0 

 75 

 604 

 679 

 90 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Durham, NC 

 276 

 500 

 444 

 &#151; 

 0 

 500 

 444 

 944 

 66 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Charlotte, NC 

 436 

 550 

 701 

 &#151; 

 0 

 550 

 702 

 1,252 

 105 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Charlotte, NC 

 554 

 200 

 891 

 &#151; 

 0 

 200 

 891 

 1,091 

 133 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Greensboro, NC 

 569 

 425 

 915 

 &#151; 

 0 

 425 

 915 

 1,340 

 137 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Creedmoor, NC 

 318 

 320 

 512 

 &#151; 

 0 

 320 

 512 

 832 

 77 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Durham, NC 

 495 

 280 

 796 

 &#151; 

 0 

 280 

 797 

 1,077 

 119 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Dunn, NC 

 511 

 400 

 821 

 &#151; 

 0 

 400 

 822 

 1,222 

 123 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Harrisburg, NC 

 242 

 550 

 389 

 &#151; 

 0 

 550 

 389 

 939 

 58 

 2007 
 
 -143-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Hendersonville, NC 

 578 

 450 

 929 

 &#151; 

 0 

 450 

 929 

 1,379 

 139 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Cary, NC 

 440 

 230 

 708 

 &#151; 

 0 

 230 

 709 

 939 

 106 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Mebane, NC 

 643 

 300 

 1,034 

 &#151; 

 0 

 300 

 1,035 

 1,335 

 155 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Lenoir, NC 

 1,480 

 175 

 2,380 

 &#151; 

 1 

 175 

 2,381 

 2,556 

 356 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Roxboro, NC 

 465 

 130 

 747 

 &#151; 

 0 

 130 

 748 

 878 

 112 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Winston-Salem, NC 

 384 

 300 

 617 

 &#151; 

 0 

 300 

 617 

 917 

 92 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Oxford, NC 

 724 

 280 

 1,164 

 &#151; 

 0 

 280 

 1,165 

 1,445 

 174 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Pittsboro, NC 

 253 

 25 

 408 

 &#151; 

 0 

 25 

 408 

 433 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Charlotte, NC 

 660 

 500 

 1,061 

 &#151; 

 0 

 500 

 1,061 

 1,561 

 159 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Greensboro, NC 

 349 

 500 

 561 

 &#151; 

 0 

 500 

 561 

 1,061 

 84 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Stanley, NC 

 255 

 350 

 410 

 &#151; 

 0 

 350 

 410 

 760 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Salisbury, NC 

 237 

 275 

 382 

 &#151; 

 0 

 275 

 382 

 657 

 57 

 2007 
 
 -144-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Stokesdale, NC 

 297 

 250 

 477 

 &#151; 

 0 

 250 

 477 

 727 

 71 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Sylva, NC 

 277 

 600 

 446 

 &#151; 

 0 

 600 

 446 

 1,046 

 67 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Lexington, NC 

 147 

 150 

 237 

 &#151; 

 0 

 150 

 237 

 387 

 36 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Walnut Cove, NC 

 419 

 140 

 674 

 &#151; 

 0 

 140 

 674 

 814 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Waynesville, NC 

 393 

 200 

 632 

 &#151; 

 0 

 200 

 632 

 832 

 95 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Concord, NC 

 471 

 550 

 757 

 &#151; 

 0 

 550 

 757 

 1,307 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Yadkinville, NC 

 585 

 250 

 941 

 &#151; 

 0 

 250 

 941 

 1,191 

 141 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Rural Hall, NC 

 221 

 275 

 356 

 &#151; 

 0 

 275 

 356 

 631 

 53 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I NC 
 Summerfield, NC 

 298 

 450 

 479 

 &#151; 

 0 

 450 

 479 

 929 

 72 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Greenville, SC 

 716 

 260 

 1,255 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 260 

 1,254 

 1,514 

 188 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Fountain Inn, SC 

 516 

 36 

 904 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 36 

 903 

 939 

 135 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Liberty, SC 

 433 

 80 

 758 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 80 

 758 

 838 

 113 

 2007 
 
 -145-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Mauldin, SC 

 502 

 350 

 878 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 350 

 878 

 1,228 

 131 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Greenville, SC 

 466 

 160 

 816 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 160 

 815 

 975 

 122 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Greenville, SC 

 353 

 360 

 618 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 360 

 617 

 977 

 92 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I SC 
 Greenville, SC 

 681 

 800 

 1,192 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 800 

 1,192 

 1,992 

 178 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Kingsport, TN 

 286 

 240 

 319 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 240 

 319 

 559 

 48 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Morristown, TN 

 209 

 370 

 234 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 370 

 233 

 603 

 35 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Brentwood, TN 

 928 

 1,110 

 1,036 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,110 

 1,035 

 2,145 

 155 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Brentwood, TN 

 835 

 1,100 

 932 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,100 

 931 

 2,031 

 139 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Nashville, TN 

 921 

 1,450 

 1,028 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,450 

 1,027 

 2,477 

 154 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Nashville, TN 

 314 

 675 

 350 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 675 

 350 

 1,025 

 52 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 East Ridge, TN 

 359 

 250 

 400 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 250 

 400 

 650 

 60 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Nashville, TN 

 782 

 735 

 872 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 735 

 872 

 1,607 

 130 

 2007 
 
 -146-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 366 

 370 

 409 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 370 

 408 

 778 

 61 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Lebanon, TN 

 759 

 675 

 848 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 675 

 847 

 1,522 

 127 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 565 

 425 

 630 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 425 

 630 

 1,055 

 94 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 440 

 185 

 491 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 185 

 491 

 676 

 73 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Loudon, TN 

 343 

 410 

 383 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 410 

 383 

 793 

 57 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Nashville, TN 

 601 

 1,400 

 671 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,400 

 671 

 2,071 

 100 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Soddy Daisy, TN 

 353 

 150 

 394 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 393 

 543 

 59 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Oak Ridge, TN 

 650 

 660 

 725 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 660 

 725 

 1,385 

 109 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Savannah, TN 

 578 

 335 

 645 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 335 

 644 

 979 

 96 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Signal Mountain, TN 

 336 

 550 

 375 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 550 

 375 

 925 

 56 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Smyrna, TN 

 531 

 870 

 593 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 870 

 592 

 1,462 

 89 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Murfreesboro, TN 

 475 

 1,000 

 530 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,000 

 530 

 1,530 

 79 

 2007 
 
 -147-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Murfreesboro, TN 

 238 

 391 

 265 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 391 

 265 

 657 

 40 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Johnson City, TN 

 151 

 180 

 168 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 180 

 168 

 348 

 25 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 249 

 453 

 278 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 453 

 278 

 730 

 42 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I TN 
 Nashville, TN 

 407 

 620 

 454 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 620 

 454 

 1,074 

 68 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Accomac, VA 

 205 

 30 

 260 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 30 

 260 

 290 

 39 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Richmond, VA 

 241 

 300 

 306 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 300 

 306 

 606 

 46 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Fairfax, VA 

 1,299 

 1,000 

 1,647 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,000 

 1,647 

 2,647 

 247 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Fredericksburg, VA 

 799 

 1,000 

 1,012 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,000 

 1,012 

 2,012 

 152 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Richmond, VA 

 231 

 500 

 292 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 500 

 292 

 792 

 44 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Collinsville, VA 

 303 

 140 

 384 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 140 

 384 

 524 

 57 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Doswell, VA 

 273 

 150 

 346 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 346 

 496 

 52 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Lynchburg, VA 

 779 

 380 

 988 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 380 

 987 

 1,367 

 148 

 2007 
 
 -148-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Stafford, VA 

 1,169 

 2,200 

 1,482 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 2,200 

 1,482 

 3,682 

 222 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Gloucester, VA 

 901 

 760 

 1,142 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 760 

 1,142 

 1,902 

 171 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Chesapeake, VA 

 572 

 450 

 726 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 450 

 725 

 1,175 

 109 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Lexington, VA 

 180 

 310 

 228 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 310 

 228 

 538 

 34 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Radford, VA 

 146 

 90 

 185 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 90 

 185 

 275 

 28 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Williamsburg, VA 

 432 

 530 

 547 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 530 

 547 

 1,077 

 82 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Salem, VA 

 378 

 860 

 479 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 860 

 479 

 1,339 

 72 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Roanoke, VA 

 1,071 

 1,170 

 1,357 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 1,170 

 1,357 

 2,527 

 203 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 New Market, VA 

 500 

 150 

 634 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 150 

 634 

 784 

 95 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Onancock, VA 

 788 

 200 

 999 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 200 

 999 

 1,199 

 149 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Painter, VA 

 139 

 120 

 176 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 120 

 176 

 296 

 26 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Stuart, VA 

 730 

 260 

 926 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 260 

 926 

 1,186 

 139 

 2007 
 
 -149-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Roanoke, VA 

 393 

 450 

 498 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 450 

 498 

 948 

 75 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST BANK I VA 
 Vinton, VA 

 191 

 399 

 243 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 399 

 243 

 642 

 36 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Miami, FL 

 1,512 

 1,533 

 893 

 &#151; 

 3 

 1,533 

 896 

 2,429 

 131 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Destin, FL 

 1,373 

 1,392 

 811 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,392 

 813 

 2,206 

 119 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Dunedin, FL 

 1,443 

 1,463 

 852 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,463 

 855 

 2,318 

 125 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Palm Harbor FL 

 1,067 

 1,082 

 630 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,082 

 632 

 1,715 

 93 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Tallahassee, FL 

 1,652 

 1,675 

 976 

 &#151; 

 3 

 1,675 

 979 

 2,654 

 143 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,204 

 1,221 

 711 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,221 

 713 

 1,935 

 105 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,409 

 1,429 

 832 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,429 

 835 

 2,264 

 122 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Melbourne, FL 

 1,111 

 1,127 

 656 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,127 

 658 

 1,785 

 97 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Coral Springs, FL 

 1,300 

 1,319 

 768 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,319 

 770 

 2,089 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Lakeland, FL 

 1,023 

 1,038 

 604 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,038 

 606 

 1,644 

 89 

 2007 
 
 -150-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Palm Coast, FL 

 1,204 

 1,221 

 711 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,221 

 713 

 1,935 

 105 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Plant City, FL 

 1,506 

 1,527 

 890 

 &#151; 

 3 

 1,527 

 892 

 2,420 

 131 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,368 

 1,388 

 808 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,388 

 811 

 2,198 

 119 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 South Daytona, FL 

 1,012 

 1,026 

 598 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,026 

 599 

 1,625 

 88 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 

 1,179 

 1,196 

 697 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,196 

 699 

 1,895 

 102 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Pensacola, FL 

 968 

 982 

 572 

 &#151; 

 2 

 982 

 574 

 1,556 

 84 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 West Palm Beach, FL 

 1,223 

 1,240 

 722 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,240 

 724 

 1,965 

 106 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Lake Wells, FL 

 804 

 815 

 475 

 &#151; 

 1 

 815 

 476 

 1,292 

 70 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Dunnellon, FL 

 334 

 339 

 198 

 &#151; 

 1 

 339 

 198 

 537 

 29 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Kissimmee, FL 

 1,163 

 1,180 

 687 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,180 

 689 

 1,869 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Port Orange, FL 

 1,115 

 1,131 

 659 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,131 

 660 

 1,791 

 97 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 North Port, FL 

 1,103 

 1,119 

 652 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,119 

 654 

 1,772 

 96 

 2007 
 
 -151-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Hudson, FL 

 1,080 

 1,095 

 638 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,095 

 640 

 1,735 

 94 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II FLORIDA 
 Port Orange, FL 

 1,016 

 1,030 

 600 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,030 

 602 

 1,632 

 88 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 1,497 

 1,399 

 1,057 

 &#151; 

 (37 
 ) 

 1,399 

 1,021 

 2,420 

 150 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Bowden, GA 

 963 

 900 

 680 

 &#151; 

 (24 
 ) 

 900 

 657 

 1,557 

 96 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Cedartown, GA 

 471 

 440 

 333 

 &#151; 

 (12 
 ) 

 440 

 321 

 761 

 47 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 St. Simons Island, GA 

 1,203 

 1,124 

 849 

 &#151; 

 (29 
 ) 

 1,124 

 820 

 1,944 

 120 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Dunwoody, GA 

 1,855 

 1,734 

 1,310 

 &#151; 

 (45 
 ) 

 1,734 

 1,264 

 2,998 

 185 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 1,093 

 1,022 

 772 

 &#151; 

 (27 
 ) 

 1,022 

 745 

 1,767 

 109 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Jessup, GA 

 1,081 

 1,010 

 763 

 &#151; 

 (26 
 ) 

 1,010 

 737 

 1,747 

 108 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Brunswick, GA 

 170 

 159 

 120 

 &#151; 

 (4 
 ) 

 159 

 116 

 274 

 17 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Roswell, GA 

 1,356 

 1,268 

 958 

 &#151; 

 (33 
 ) 

 1,268 

 924 

 2,192 

 135 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Norcross, GA 

 1,488 

 1,391 

 1,051 

 &#151; 

 (36 
 ) 

 1,391 

 1,014 

 2,406 

 149 

 2007 
 
 -152-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II GEORGIA 
 Augusta, GA 

 650 

 607 

 459 

 &#151; 

 (16 
 ) 

 607 

 443 

 1,050 

 65 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 Annapolis, MD 

 2,867 

 1,747 

 2,890 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,747 

 2,892 

 4,639 

 424 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 Frederick, MD 

 1,184 

 721 

 1,193 

 &#151; 

 1 

 721 

 1,194 

 1,915 

 175 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 Waldorf, MD 

 2,082 

 1,269 

 2,099 

 &#151; 

 1 

 1,269 

 2,100 

 3,369 

 308 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II MARYLAND 
 Ellicott City, MD 

 1,579 

 962 

 1,591 

 &#151; 

 1 

 962 

 1,592 

 2,554 

 233 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Belmont, NC 

 929 

 453 

 1,038 

 &#151; 

 1 

 453 

 1,039 

 1,492 

 152 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Carrboro, NC 

 618 

 301 

 690 

 &#151; 

 1 

 301 

 691 

 992 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Monroe, NC 

 1,232 

 601 

 1,375 

 &#151; 

 2 

 601 

 1,377 

 1,978 

 202 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Lexington, NC 

 771 

 376 

 861 

 &#151; 

 1 

 376 

 862 

 1,238 

 126 

 2007 
 
 -153-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Burlington, NC 

 598 

 292 

 668 

 &#151; 

 1 

 292 

 669 

 961 

 98 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Mocksville, NC 

 2,368 

 1,155 

 2,645 

 &#151; 

 3 

 1,155 

 2,648 

 3,803 

 388 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Durham, NC 

 1,284 

 627 

 1,434 

 &#151; 

 2 

 627 

 1,436 

 2,063 

 211 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Oakboro, NC 

 544 

 265 

 607 

 &#151; 

 1 

 265 

 608 

 873 

 89 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Concord, NC 

 852 

 416 

 951 

 &#151; 

 1 

 416 

 953 

 1,368 

 140 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Raleigh, NC 

 791 

 386 

 883 

 &#151; 

 1 

 386 

 884 

 1,270 

 130 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Greensboro, NC 

 692 

 338 

 773 

 &#151; 

 1 

 338 

 774 

 1,111 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Pittsboro, NC 

 217 

 106 

 243 

 &#151; 

 0 

 106 

 243 

 349 

 36 

 2007 
 
 -154-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Yadkinville, NC 

 344 

 168 

 385 

 &#151; 

 0 

 168 

 385 

 553 

 56 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Matthews, NC 

 463 

 226 

 517 

 &#151; 

 1 

 226 

 517 

 743 

 76 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Burlington, NC 

 375 

 183 

 419 

 &#151; 

 1 

 183 

 420 

 603 

 62 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II NORTH CAROLINA 
 Zebulon, NC 

 692 

 338 

 773 

 &#151; 

 1 

 338 

 774 

 1,111 

 113 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Belton, SC 

 635 

 220 

 798 

 &#151; 

 0 

 220 

 798 

 1,018 

 117 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Anderson, SC 

 990 

 343 

 1,243 

 &#151; 

 1 

 343 

 1,244 

 1,587 

 182 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Travelers Rest, SC 

 901 

 312 

 1,132 

 &#151; 

 1 

 312 

 1,132 

 1,444 

 166 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 1,746 

 1,190 

 1,619 

 &#151; 

 3 

 1,190 

 1,623 

 2,812 

 238 

 2007 
 
 -155-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Lavergne, TN 

 229 

 156 

 213 

 &#151; 

 0 

 156 

 213 

 369 

 31 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 743 

 506 

 689 

 &#151; 

 1 

 506 

 690 

 1,196 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 528 

 360 

 489 

 &#151; 

 1 

 360 

 490 

 850 

 72 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Chatanooga, TN 

 913 

 622 

 847 

 &#151; 

 2 

 622 

 848 

 1,470 

 124 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II TENNESSEE 
 Madison, TN 

 861 

 587 

 798 

 &#151; 

 2 

 587 

 800 

 1,387 

 117 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 1,361 

 759 

 1,423 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 759 

 1,422 

 2,181 

 209 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 422 

 235 

 441 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 235 

 441 

 676 

 65 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Norfolk, VA 

 662 

 369 

 692 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 369 

 692 

 1,061 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Lynchburg, VA 

 434 

 242 

 454 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 242 

 453 

 695 

 66 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Cheriton, VA 

 365 

 203 

 382 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 203 

 381 

 585 

 56 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Rocky Mount, VA 

 1,099 

 613 

 1,149 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 613 

 1,149 

 1,761 

 168 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II VIRGINIA 
 Petersburg, VA 

 249 

 139 

 260 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 139 

 260 

 399 

 38 

 2007 
 
 -156-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
 Washington, DC 

 1,730 

 800 

 1,986 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 800 

 1,986 

 2,786 

 273 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Avon Park, FL 

 1,196 

 1,199 

 729 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,199 

 729 

 1,928 

 100 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Bartow, FL 

 620 

 622 

 378 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 622 

 378 

 1,000 

 52 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Belleview, FL 

 614 

 616 

 374 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 616 

 374 

 991 

 51 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Beverly Hills, FL 

 1,017 

 1,020 

 620 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,020 

 620 

 1,640 

 85 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Boca Raton, FL 

 1,470 

 1,474 

 896 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,474 

 896 

 2,370 

 123 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Bradenton, FL 

 987 

 990 

 602 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 990 

 602 

 1,592 

 83 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Cape Coral, FL 

 1,188 

 1,192 

 724 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,192 

 724 

 1,916 

 100 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Clearwater, FL 

 557 

 559 

 340 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 559 

 340 

 898 

 47 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Crystal River, FL 

 1,641 

 1,646 

 1,000 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,646 

 1,000 

 2,645 

 137 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Daytona Beach Shores, FL 

 659 

 661 

 402 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 661 

 402 

 1,063 

 55 

 2008 
 
 -157-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Deland, FL 

 972 

 975 

 592 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 975 

 592 

 1,567 

 81 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Deland, FL 

 972 

 975 

 592 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 975 

 592 

 1,567 

 81 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Edgewater, FL 

 1,040 

 1,043 

 634 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,043 

 634 

 1,677 

 87 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Flager Beach, FL 

 922 

 924 

 562 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 924 

 562 

 1,486 

 77 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Fort Myers, FL 

 676 

 678 

 412 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 678 

 412 

 1,090 

 57 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Fort Myers, FL 

 1,078 

 1,081 

 657 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,081 

 657 

 1,738 

 90 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Greenacres City, FL 

 1,422 

 1,426 

 867 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,426 

 867 

 2,293 

 119 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Gulf Breeze, FL 

 1,773 

 1,778 

 1,080 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,778 

 1,080 

 2,859 

 148 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Haines City, FL 

 1,103 

 1,106 

 672 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,106 

 672 

 1,778 

 92 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Hallandale, FL 

 2,171 

 2,178 

 1,323 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,178 

 1,323 

 3,501 

 182 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Hamosassa, FL 

 678 

 680 

 413 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 680 

 413 

 1,093 

 57 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Hilaleah, FL 

 2,109 

 2,115 

 1,285 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,115 

 1,285 

 3,401 

 177 

 2008 
 
 -158-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Inverness, FL 

 575 

 577 

 350 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 577 

 350 

 927 

 48 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Jacksonville, FL 

 859 

 862 

 524 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 862 

 524 

 1,385 

 72 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Jacksonville, FL 

 1,077 

 1,080 

 656 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,080 

 656 

 1,736 

 90 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Jupiter, FL 

 1,290 

 1,294 

 786 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,294 

 786 

 2,080 

 108 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Lady Lake, FL 

 1,120 

 1,124 

 683 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,124 

 683 

 1,806 

 94 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Lady Lake, FL 

 1,279 

 1,283 

 779 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,283 

 779 

 2,062 

 107 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Lake Placid, FL 

 1,049 

 1,052 

 639 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,052 

 639 

 1,692 

 88 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Lakeland, FL 

 792 

 795 

 483 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 795 

 483 

 1,278 

 66 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Largo, FL 

 704 

 706 

 429 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 706 

 429 

 1,135 

 59 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Lynn Haven, FL 

 861 

 863 

 525 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 863 

 525 

 1,388 

 72 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Melbourne, FL 

 871 

 874 

 531 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 874 

 531 

 1,405 

 73 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Miami, FL 

 1,628 

 1,633 

 992 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,633 

 992 

 2,624 

 136 

 2008 
 
 -159-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Miami Beach, FL 

 954 

 956 

 581 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 956 

 581 

 1,538 

 80 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 New Port Richey, FL 

 932 

 935 

 568 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 935 

 568 

 1,503 

 78 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,494 

 1,498 

 910 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,498 

 910 

 2,408 

 125 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Orlando, FL 

 1,401 

 1,405 

 854 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,405 

 854 

 2,259 

 117 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Palm Harbor, FL 

 571 

 572 

 348 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 572 

 348 

 920 

 48 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Palm Harbor, FL 

 1,348 

 1,352 

 821 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,352 

 821 

 2,173 

 113 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Port St. Lucie, FL 

 926 

 928 

 564 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 928 

 564 

 1,492 

 78 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Punta Gorda, FL 

 1,690 

 1,695 

 1,030 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,695 

 1,030 

 2,724 

 142 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Roseland, FL 

 972 

 974 

 592 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 974 

 592 

 1,567 

 81 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Sebring, FL 

 785 

 787 

 478 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 787 

 478 

 1,265 

 66 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Seminole, FL 

 741 

 743 

 452 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 743 

 452 

 1,195 

 62 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Spring Hill, FL 

 818 

 820 

 498 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 820 

 498 

 1,319 

 68 

 2008 
 
 -160-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Spring Hill, FL 

 1,356 

 1,360 

 827 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,360 

 827 

 2,187 

 114 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Spring Hill, FL 

 1,326 

 1,330 

 808 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,330 

 808 

 2,138 

 111 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 St. Petersburg, FL 

 933 

 936 

 569 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 936 

 569 

 1,505 

 78 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Stuart, FL 

 1,900 

 1,906 

 1,158 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,906 

 1,158 

 3,063 

 159 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Sun City Center, FL 

 2,007 

 2,013 

 1,223 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,013 

 1,223 

 3,236 

 168 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Tamarac, FL 

 1,513 

 1,518 

 922 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,518 

 922 

 2,440 

 127 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Valrico, FL 

 603 

 605 

 367 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 605 

 367 

 972 

 50 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Wildwood, FL 

 757 

 760 

 462 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 760 

 462 

 1,221 

 63 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Zephyhills, FL 

 800 

 802 

 488 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 802 

 488 

 1,290 

 67 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III FLORIDA 
 Zephyhills, FL 

 1,910 

 1,916 

 1,164 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,916 

 1,164 

 3,080 

 160 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Albany, GA 

 647 

 564 

 482 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 564 

 482 

 1,046 

 66 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Alpharetta, GA 

 1,886 

 1,642 

 1,404 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,642 

 1,404 

 3,046 

 193 

 2008 
 
 -161-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Alpharetta, GA 

 1,416 

 1,233 

 1,054 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,233 

 1,054 

 2,287 

 145 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Athens, GA 

 1,218 

 1,061 

 907 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,061 

 907 

 1,968 

 125 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 2,302 

 2,005 

 1,714 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,005 

 1,714 

 3,719 

 236 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 490 

 427 

 365 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 427 

 365 

 791 

 50 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Augusta, GA 

 1,020 

 888 

 759 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 888 

 759 

 1,647 

 104 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Augusta, GA 

 497 

 432 

 370 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 432 

 370 

 802 

 51 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Augusta, GA 

 669 

 582 

 498 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 582 

 498 

 1,080 

 68 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Baxley, GA 

 1,038 

 904 

 772 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 904 

 772 

 1,676 

 106 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Columbus, GA 

 601 

 523 

 447 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 523 

 447 

 970 

 61 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Conyers, GA 

 522 

 454 

 389 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 454 

 389 

 843 

 53 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Douglas, GA 

 707 

 615 

 526 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 615 

 526 

 1,141 

 72 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Duluth, GA 

 1,289 

 1,122 

 959 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,122 

 959 

 2,081 

 132 

 2008 
 
 -162-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Jonesboro, GA 

 921 

 802 

 686 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 802 

 686 

 1,488 

 94 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Lawrenceville, GA 

 1,830 

 1,593 

 1,362 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,593 

 1,362 

 2,955 

 187 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Marietta, GA 

 836 

 728 

 622 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 728 

 622 

 1,351 

 86 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Norcross, GA 

 736 

 641 

 548 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 641 

 548 

 1,189 

 75 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Tucker, GA 

 892 

 777 

 664 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 777 

 664 

 1,441 

 91 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Warner Robins, GA 

 1,436 

 1,251 

 1,069 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,251 

 1,069 

 2,320 

 147 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Woodstock, GA 

 1,205 

 1,050 

 897 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,050 

 897 

 1,947 

 123 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III GEORGIA 
 Macon, GA 

 381 

 332 

 284 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 332 

 284 

 615 

 39 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 Bladensburg, MD 

 1,187 

 563 

 1,427 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 563 

 1,427 

 1,989 

 196 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 Chestertown, MD 

 776 

 368 

 933 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 368 

 933 

 1,301 

 128 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III MARYLAND 
 Upper Marlboro, MD 

 1,623 

 770 

 1,952 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 770 

 1,952 

 2,721 

 268 

 2008 
 
 -163-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Black Mountain, NC 

 954 

 617 

 953 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 617 

 953 

 1,570 

 131 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Butner, NC 

 423 

 273 

 422 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 273 

 422 

 695 

 58 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Cary, NC 

 844 

 546 

 843 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 546 

 843 

 1,389 

 116 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Chapel Hill, NC 

 535 

 346 

 534 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 346 

 534 

 880 

 73 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Denton, NC 

 929 

 600 

 928 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 600 

 928 

 1,528 

 128 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Erwin, NC 

 495 

 320 

 495 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 320 

 495 

 815 

 68 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Greensboro, NC 

 594 

 384 

 594 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 384 

 594 

 978 

 82 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Hudson, NC 

 482 

 312 

 482 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 312 

 482 

 794 

 66 

 2008 
 
 -164-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Huntersville, NC 

 515 

 333 

 514 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 333 

 514 

 847 

 71 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Kannapolis, NC 

 1,225 

 792 

 1,224 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 792 

 1,224 

 2,016 

 168 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Kernersville, NC 

 629 

 407 

 628 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 407 

 628 

 1,035 

 86 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Marshville, NC 

 346 

 224 

 345 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 224 

 345 

 569 

 47 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Mocksville, NC 

 679 

 439 

 678 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 439 

 678 

 1,118 

 93 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Monroe, NC 

 518 

 335 

 517 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 335 

 517 

 852 

 71 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Monroe, NC 

 610 

 395 

 610 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 395 

 610 

 1,004 

 84 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Norwood, NC 

 547 

 354 

 546 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 354 

 546 

 900 

 75 

 2008 
 
 -165-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Raleigh, NC 

 1,417 

 916 

 1,415 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 916 

 1,415 

 2,332 

 195 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Roxboro, NC 

 941 

 608 

 940 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 608 

 940 

 1,548 

 129 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Spencer, NC 

 528 

 342 

 528 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 342 

 528 

 869 

 73 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Wake Forest, NC 

 1,300 

 841 

 1,299 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 841 

 1,299 

 2,139 

 179 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III NORTH CAROLINA 
 Youngsville, NC 

 259 

 167 

 259 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 167 

 259 

 426 

 36 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Anderson, SC 

 787 

 422 

 836 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 422 

 836 

 1,258 

 115 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Spartanburg, SC 

 518 

 278 

 550 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 278 

 550 

 828 

 76 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 571 

 597 

 343 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 597 

 343 

 940 

 47 

 2008 
 
 -166-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 748 

 783 

 449 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 783 

 449 

 1,232 

 62 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 510 

 533 

 306 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 533 

 306 

 839 

 42 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 684 

 716 

 411 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 716 

 411 

 1,127 

 56 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Cleveland, TN 

 337 

 353 

 203 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 353 

 203 

 556 

 28 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Johnson City, TN 

 110 

 115 

 66 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 115 

 66 

 180 

 9 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Jonesborough, TN 

 226 

 237 

 136 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 237 

 136 

 373 

 19 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Lake City, TN 

 550 

 576 

 330 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 576 

 330 

 907 

 45 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Lawrenceburg, TN 

 296 

 310 

 178 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 310 

 178 

 488 

 24 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Murfreesboro, TN 

 567 

 593 

 340 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 593 

 340 

 934 

 47 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 929 

 973 

 558 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 973 

 558 

 1,531 

 77 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 734 

 768 

 441 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 768 

 441 

 1,209 

 61 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III TENNESSEE 
 Nashville, TN 

 697 

 730 

 419 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 730 

 419 

 1,148 

 58 

 2008 
 
 -167-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Alexandria, VA 

 1,778 

 1,518 

 1,370 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,518 

 1,370 

 2,888 

 188 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Arlington, VA 

 1,545 

 1,319 

 1,190 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,319 

 1,190 

 2,508 

 164 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Beaverdam, VA 

 320 

 273 

 246 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 273 

 246 

 520 

 34 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Franklin, VA 

 537 

 458 

 413 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 458 

 413 

 871 

 57 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Gloucester, VA 

 720 

 614 

 554 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 614 

 554 

 1,169 

 76 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Harrisonburg, VA 

 432 

 368 

 332 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 368 

 332 

 701 

 46 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Lightfoot, VA 

 392 

 335 

 302 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 335 

 302 

 637 

 42 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Madison Heights, VA 

 363 

 310 

 280 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 310 

 280 

 590 

 38 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Manassas, VA 

 2,023 

 1,727 

 1,558 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,727 

 1,558 

 3,285 

 214 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Mechanicsville, VA 

 562 

 479 

 433 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 479 

 433 

 912 

 59 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Nassawadox, VA 

 298 

 254 

 229 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 254 

 229 

 484 

 32 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Radford, VA 

 362 

 309 

 279 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 309 

 279 

 589 

 38 

 2008 
 
 -168-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 1,389 

 1,186 

 1,070 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,186 

 1,070 

 2,257 

 147 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 303 

 259 

 234 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 259 

 234 

 493 

 32 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 885 

 755 

 681 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 755 

 681 

 1,437 

 94 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Richmond, VA 

 586 

 501 

 452 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 501 

 452 

 952 

 62 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Roanoke, VA 

 398 

 339 

 306 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 339 

 306 

 646 

 42 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Roanoke, VA 

 175 

 149 

 135 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 149 

 135 

 284 

 18 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 South Boston, VA 

 839 

 716 

 646 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 716 

 646 

 1,362 

 89 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Spotsylvania, VA 

 1,330 

 1,136 

 1,025 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,136 

 1,025 

 2,160 

 141 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III VIRGINIA 
 Virginia Beach, VA 

 654 

 558 

 504 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 558 

 504 

 1,062 

 69 

 2008 

 SYCAMORE COMMONS 
 Matthews, NC 

 48,382 

 12,500 

 31,265 

 &#151; 

 106 

 12,500 

 31,371 

 43,871 

 2,249 

 2010 

 THE CENTER AT HUGH HOWELL 
 Tucker, GA 

 7,722 

 2,250 

 11,091 

 &#151; 

 661 

 2,250 

 11,751 

 14,001 

 2,005 

 2007 
 
 -169-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 THE HIGHLANDS 
 Flower Mound, TX 

 9,745 

 5,500 

 9,589 

 &#151; 

 103 

 5,500 

 9,692 

 15,192 

 1,613 

 2006 

 THE MARKET AT HILLIARD 
 Hilliard, OH 

 11,205 

 4,432 

 13,308 

 &#151; 

 3,105 

 4,432 

 16,413 

 20,845 

 3,013 

 2005 

 THOMAS CROSSROADS 
 Newnan, GA 

 5,693 

 1,622 

 8,322 

 &#151; 

 87 

 1,622 

 8,409 

 10,031 

 913 

 2009 

 TOMBALL TOWN CENTER 
 Tomball, TX 

 8,000 

 1,938 

 14,233 

 &#151; 

 3,510 

 1,938 

 17,743 

 19,681 

 3,472 

 2005 

 TRIANGLE CENTER 
 Longview, WA 

 22,786 

 12,770 

 24,556 

 &#151; 

 1,703 

 12,770 

 26,259 

 39,029 

 5,387 

 2005 

 TULSA HILLS SHOPPING CENTER 
 Tulsa, OK 

 29,727 

 8,000 

 42,272 

 &#151; 

 70 

 8,000 

 42,342 

 50,342 

 2,605 

 2010 

 UNIVERSAL PLAZA 
 Lauderhill, FL 

 9,887 

 2,900 

 4,950 

 &#151; 

 0 

 2,900 

 4,950 

 7,850 

 326 

 2010 

 UNIVERSITY OAKS SHOPPING CENTER 
 Round Rock, TX 

 22,459 

 7,250 

 25,326 

 &#151; 

 4,027 

 7,250 

 29,353 

 36,603 

 1,674 

 2010 

 VENTURE POINT 
 Duluth, GA 

 25,818 

 10,400 

 12,887 

 &#151; 

 (5,306 
 ) 

 10,400 

 7,580 

 17,980 

 190 

 2010 

 VICTORY LAKES TOWN CENTER 
 League City, TX 

 30,825 

 8,750 

 44,894 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,750 

 44,894 

 53,644 

 386 

 2011 
 
 -170-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 WARDS CROSSING 
 Lynchburg, VA 

 12,904 

 2,400 

 11,417 

 &#151; 

 3 

 2,400 

 11,420 

 13,820 

 790 

 2010 

 WASHINGTON PARK PLAZA 
 Homewood, IL 

 30,600 

 6,500 

 33,912 

 &#151; 

 (301 
 ) 

 6,500 

 33,612 

 40,112 

 5,285 

 2005 

 WHITE OAK CROSSING 
 Garner, NC 

 52,000 

 19,000 

 70,275 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 19,000 

 70,275 

 89,275 

 1,004 

 2011 

 WILLIS TOWN CENTER 
 Willis, TX 

 &#151; 

 1,550 

 1,820 

 &#151; 

 646 

 1,550 

 2,466 

 4,016 

 464 

 2005 

 WINCHESTER TOWN CENTER 
 Houston, TX 

 &#151; 

 495 

 3,966 

 &#151; 

 45 

 495 

 4,011 

 4,506 

 887 

 2005 

 WINDERMERE VILLAGE 
 Houston, TX 

 4,000 

 1,220 

 6,331 

 &#151; 

 798 

 1,220 

 7,129 

 8,349 

 1,540 

 2005 

 WOODBRIDGE 
 Wylie, TX 

 16,280 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,823 

 &#151; 

 7,823 

 7,823 

 1,161 

 WOODLAKE CROSSING 
 San Antonio, TX 

 15,575 

 3,420 

 14,153 

 &#151; 

 1,571 

 3,420 

 15,724 

 19,144 

 1,144 

 2009 

 Office 

 11500 MARKET STREET 
 Jacinto City, TX 

 &#151; 

 140 

 346 

 (35 
 ) 

 (159 
 ) 

 105 

 187 

 292 

 4 

 2005 

 AMERICAN EXPRESS&#151;GREENSBORO 
 Greensboro, NC 

 26,326 

 8,850 

 39,527 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,850 

 39,527 

 48,377 

 3,725 

 2009 
 
 -171-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 AMERICAN EXPRESS&#151;SALT LAKE CITY 
 Salt Lake City, UT 

 22,900 

 9,000 

 45,415 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 9,000 

 45,415 

 54,415 

 4,218 

 2009 

 SBC CENTER 
 Hoffman Estates, IL 

 187,618 

 35,800 

 287,424 

 &#151; 

 305 

 35,800 

 287,728 

 323,528 

 62,069 

 2007 

 AT&T&#151;ST LOUIS 
 St Louis, MO 

 112,695 

 8,000 

 170,169 

 &#151; 

 22 

 8,000 

 170,192 

 178,192 

 29,781 

 2007 

 AT&T CLEVELAND 
 Cleveland, OH 

 29,242 

 870 

 40,033 

 &#151; 

 31 

 870 

 40,064 

 40,934 

 6,770 

 2005 

 BRIDGESIDE POINT OFFICE BLDG 
 Pittsburg, PA 

 17,325 

 1,525 

 28,609 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,525 

 28,609 

 30,134 

 6,091 

 2006 

 COMMONS DRIVE 
 Aurora, IL 

 3,663 

 1,600 

 5,746 

 &#151; 

 2,690 

 1,600 

 8,436 

 10,036 

 1,185 

 2007 

 CRYSTAL LAKE MEDICAL 
 Crystal Lake, IL 

 &#151; 

 2,343 

 5,972 

 &#151; 

 29 

 2,343 

 6,001 

 8,344 

 328 

 2010 

 DAKOTA RIDGE MEDICAL 
 Littleton, CO 

 &#151; 

 1,873 

 5,406 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,873 

 5,406 

 7,280 

 395 

 2010 

 DENVER HIGHLANDS 
 Highlands Ranch, CO 

 10,111 

 1,700 

 11,839 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,700 

 11,839 

 13,539 

 2,134 

 2006 

 DULLES EXECUTIVE PLAZA 
 Herndon, VA 

 68,750 

 15,500 

 96,083 

 &#151; 

 3,137 

 15,500 

 99,221 

 114,721 

 20,201 

 2006 

 HOUSTON LAKES 
 Houston, TX 

 8,988 

 3,000 

 12,950 

 &#151; 

 642 

 3,000 

 13,592 

 16,592 

 2,419 

 2006 
 
 -172-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 IDS CENTER 
 Minneapolis, MN 

 149,851 

 24,900 

 202,016 

 &#151; 

 20,240 

 24,900 

 222,256 

 247,156 

 42,074 

 2007 

 KINROSS LAKES 
 Richfield, OH 

 10,065 

 825 

 14,639 

 &#151; 

 50 

 825 

 14,689 

 15,514 

 2,568 

 2005 

 MCP ONE 
 Indianapolis, IN 

 5,832 

 451 

 2,861 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 451 

 2,861 

 3,311 

 384 

 2009 

 MCP TWO 
 Indianapolis, IN 

 12,450 

 1,990 

 9,820 

 &#151; 

 76 

 1,990 

 9,896 

 11,886 

 1,608 

 2009 

 MCP THREE 
 Indianapolis, IN 

 11,700 

 2,251 

 7,178 

 &#151; 

 133 

 2,251 

 7,311 

 9,561 

 511 

 2010 

 MIDLOTHIAN MEDICAL 
 Midlothian, VA 

 8,552 

 &#151; 

 9,041 

 &#151; 

 113 

 &#151; 

 9,153 

 9,153 

 1,087 

 2009 

 REGIONAL ROAD 
 Greensboro, NC 

 8,679 

 950 

 10,501 

 &#151; 

 122 

 950 

 10,623 

 11,573 

 2,000 

 2006 

 SANOFI AVENTIS 
 Bridgewater, NJ 

 190,000 

 16,900 

 192,987 

 &#151; 

 2,621 

 16,900 

 195,608 

 212,508 

 19,981 

 2009 

 SANTEE&#151;CIVIC CENTER 
 Santee, CA 

 12,023 

 &#151; 

 17,838 

 &#151; 

 413 

 &#151; 

 18,251 

 18,251 

 3,193 

 2005 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 Bal Harbour, FL 

 1,135 

 5,700 

 2,417 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 5,700 

 2,414 

 8,114 

 361 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 Bushnell, FL 

 171 

 315 

 363 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 315 

 363 

 678 

 54 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I FL 
 Melbourne, FL 

 311 

 1,260 

 662 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 1,260 

 661 

 1,921 

 99 

 2007 
 
 -173-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I GA 
 Douglas, GA 

 486 

 275 

 675 

 &#151; 

 (0 
 ) 

 275 

 675 

 950 

 101 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I MD 
 Bethesda, MD 

 2,644 

 650 

 4,617 

 &#151; 

 (2 
 ) 

 650 

 4,614 

 5,264 

 691 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 Winston-Salem, NC 

 947 

 400 

 1,471 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 400 

 1,470 

 1,870 

 220 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I NC 
 Raleigh, NC 

 1,095 

 500 

 1,700 

 &#151; 

 (1 
 ) 

 500 

 1,699 

 2,199 

 254 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST OFFICE I VA 
 Richmond, VA 

 3,817 

 1,360 

 6,272 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 1,360 

 6,269 

 7,629 

 938 

 2007 

 SUNTRUST II OFFICE GEORGIA 
 Atlanta, GA 

 4,289 

 2,625 

 4,355 

 &#151; 

 (3 
 ) 

 2,625 

 4,352 

 6,977 

 638 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 
 Gainesville, FL 

 1,313 

 1,667 

 457 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,667 

 457 

 2,124 

 63 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III OFFICE FLORIDA 
 Holy Hill, FL 

 833 

 1,058 

 290 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,058 

 290 

 1,348 

 40 

 2008 

 SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 
 Brunswick, GA 

 1,457 

 676 

 1,703 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 676 

 1,703 

 2,379 

 234 

 2008 
 
 -174-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SUNTRUST III OFFICE GEORGIA 
 Gainesville, GA 

 1,725 

 799 

 2,016 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 799 

 2,016 

 2,815 

 277 

 2008 

 UNITED HEALTH&#151;CYPRESS 
 Cypress, CA 

 22,000 

 10,000 

 30,547 

 &#151; 

 2 

 10,000 

 30,549 

 40,549 

 3,360 

 2008 

 UNITED HEALTH&#151;FREDERICK 
 Frederick, MD 

 17,541 

 5,100 

 26,303 

 &#151; 

 2 

 5,100 

 26,305 

 31,405 

 2,762 

 2008 

 UNTIED HEALTH&#151;GREEN BAY 
 Green Bay, WI 

 28,430 

 4,250 

 45,725 

 &#151; 

 23 

 4,250 

 45,748 

 49,998 

 4,803 

 2008 

 UNITED HEALTH&#151;INDIANAPOLIS 
 Indianapolis, IN 

 16,545 

 3,500 

 24,248 

 &#151; 

 2 

 3,500 

 24,250 

 27,750 

 2,546 

 2008 

 UNITED HEALTH&#151;ONALASKA 
 Onalaska, WI 

 4,149 

 4,090 

 2,794 

 &#151; 

 2 

 4,090 

 2,796 

 6,886 

 308 

 2008 

 UNITED HEALTH&#151;WAUWATOSA 
 Wauwatosa, WI 

 10,050 

 1,800 

 14,930 

 &#151; 

 2 

 1,800 

 14,932 

 16,732 

 1,568 

 2006 

 WASHINGTON MUTUAL&#151;ARLINGTON 
 Arlington, TX 

 20,115 

 4,870 

 30,915 

 &#151; 

 3 

 4,870 

 30,918 

 35,788 

 5,857 

 2007 
 
 -175-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 WORLDGATE PLAZA 
 Herndon, VA 

 59,950 

 14,000 

 79,048 

 &#151; 

 3,475 

 14,000 

 82,523 

 96,523 

 13,899 

 2007 

 Apartment 

 14th STREET&#151;UAB 
 Birmingham, AL 

 11,770 

 4,250 

 27,458 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,250 

 27,458 

 31,708 

 4,504 

 2007 

 BLOCK 121 
 Birmingham, AL 

 15,701 

 3,360 

 32,087 

 (150 
 ) 

 2,376 

 3,210 

 34,463 

 37,673 

 1,532 

 2010 

 BRAZOS RANCH APARTMENTS 
 Rosenberg, TX 

 15,246 

 4,000 

 22,246 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,000 

 22,246 

 26,246 

 2,529 

 2009 

 ENCINO CANYON APARTMENTS 
 San Antonio, TX 

 12,000 

 1,700 

 16,443 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,700 

 16,443 

 18,143 

 2,760 

 2007 

 FANNIN STREET STATION APARTMENTS 
 Houston, TX 

 31,820 

 24,000 

 30,200 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 24,000 

 30,200 

 54,200 

 2,332 

 2010 

 FIELDS APARTMENT HOMES 
 Bloomington, IN 

 18,700 

 1,850 

 29,783 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,850 

 29,783 

 31,633 

 5,382 

 2007 

 GROGANS LANDING APARTMENTS 
 The Woodlands, TX 

 9,705 

 4,380 

 10,533 

 &#151; 

 1,894 

 4,380 

 12,427 

 16,807 

 1,357 

 2009 

 LANDINGS AT CLEARLAKE 
 Webster, TX 

 18,590 

 3,770 

 27,843 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,770 

 27,843 

 31,613 

 5,032 

 2007 
 
 -176-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 LEGACY AT ART QUARTER 
 Oklahoma City, OK 

 29,194 

 1,290 

 35,031 

 &#151; 

 123 

 1,290 

 35,153 

 36,443 

 4,192 

 2008 

 LEGACY CORNER 
 Midwest City, OK 

 14,630 

 1,600 

 23,765 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,600 

 23,765 

 25,365 

 2,842 

 2008 

 LEGACY CROSSING 
 Oklahoma City, OK 

 24,400 

 1,110 

 29,297 

 &#151; 

 91 

 1,110 

 29,388 

 30,498 

 3,472 

 2008 

 LEGACY WOODS 
 Edmond, OK 

 21,190 

 2,500 

 31,505 

 &#151; 

 8 

 2,500 

 31,514 

 34,014 

 3,772 

 2007 

 NANTUCKET APARTMENTS 
 Loveland, OH 

 26,838 

 2,170 

 30,388 

 &#151; 

 83 

 2,170 

 30,471 

 32,641 

 1,625 

 2010 

 OAK PARK 
 Dallas, TX 

 27,193 

 9,738 

 39,958 

 &#151; 

 2,307 

 9,738 

 42,265 

 52,003 

 3,145 

 2009 

 OAK PARK II 
 Dallas, TX 

 2,165 

 8,499 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,499 

 &#151; 

 8,499 

 &#151; 

 2011 

 OAK PARK TRS 
 Dallas, TX 

 3,737 

 19,030 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 19,030 

 &#151; 

 19,030 

 &#151; 

 2011 

 PARKSIDE APARTMENTS 
 The Woodlands, TX 

 18,000 

 5,500 

 15,623 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 5,500 

 15,623 

 21,123 

 1,377 

 2009 

 SEVEN PALMS APARTMENTS 
 Webster, TX 

 18,750 

 3,550 

 24,348 

 &#151; 

 5 

 3,550 

 24,353 

 27,903 

 4,052 

 2006 

 SOUTHGATE APARTMENTS 
 Louisville, KY 

 10,725 

 1,730 

 16,356 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,730 

 16,356 

 18,086 

 3,536 

 2007 

 STERLING RIDGE ESTATES 
 The Woodlands, TX 

 14,324 

 4,140 

 20,550 

 &#151; 

 (46 
 ) 

 4,140 

 20,504 

 24,644 

 1,934 

 2009 
 
 -177-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 THE RADIAN (PENN) 
 Radian, PA 

 58,061 

 &#151; 

 79,997 

 &#151; 

 11,943 

 &#151; 

 91,939 

 91,939 

 11,048 

 2007 

 UNIV HOUSE AT GAINESVILLE 
 Gainesville, FL 

 15,945 

 6,561 

 36,879 

 &#151; 

 902 

 6,561 

 37,781 

 44,342 

 5,150 

 2007 

 UNIV HOUSE AT HUNTSVILLE 
 Huntsville, TX 

 13,325 

 1,351 

 26,308 

 &#151; 

 1,230 

 1,351 

 27,538 

 28,888 

 4,190 

 2007 

 UNIV HOUSE AT LAFAYETTE 
 Lafayette, AL 

 9,306 

 &#151; 

 16,357 

 &#151; 

 1,692 

 &#151; 

 18,049 

 18,049 

 2,713 

 2007 

 VILLAGES AT KITTY HAWK 
 Universal City, TX 

 11,550 

 2,070 

 17,397 

 &#151; 

 11 

 2,070 

 17,408 

 19,478 

 3,099 

 2007 

 VILLAS AT SHADOW CREEK 
 Pearland, TX 

 16,117 

 3,690 

 24,142 

 &#151; 

 176 

 3,690 

 24,318 

 28,008 

 2,908 

 2007 

 WATERFORD PLACE AT SHADOW CREEK 
 Pearland, TX 

 16,500 

 2,980 

 24,573 

 &#151; 

 74 

 2,980 

 24,646 

 27,626 

 4,436 

 2007 

 WOODRIDGE APARTMENTS The Woodlands, TX 

 12,952 

 3,680 

 11,235 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,680 

 11,235 

 14,915 

 972 

 2009 

 Industrial 

 11500 MELROSE AVE -294 TOLLWAY 
 Franklin Park, IL 

 4,561 

 2,500 

 5,071 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,500 

 5,071 

 7,571 

 821 

 2006 
 
 -178-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 1800 BRUNING 
 Itasca, IL 

 10,156 

 10,000 

 7,971 

 &#151; 

 83 

 10,000 

 8,053 

 18,053 

 1,494 

 2006 

 500 HARTLAND 
 Hartland, WI 

 5,860 

 1,200 

 7,459 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,200 

 7,459 

 8,659 

 1,413 

 2006 

 55th STREET 
 Kenosha, WI 

 7,351 

 1,600 

 11,115 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,600 

 11,115 

 12,715 

 2,105 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #10 
 Memphis, TN 

 2,042 

 600 

 2,861 

 (257 
 ) 

 (1,668 
 ) 

 343 

 1,194 

 1,536 

 12 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #11 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,539 

 400 

 2,120 

 (169 
 ) 

 (1,236 
 ) 

 231 

 884 

 1,114 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #15 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,203 

 200 

 1,651 

 (83 
 ) 

 (970 
 ) 

 117 

 680 

 797 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #16 
 Memphis, TN 

 2,714 

 600 

 3,750 

 (254 
 ) 

 (2,210 
 ) 

 346 

 1,541 

 1,887 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #18 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,007 

 200 

 1,317 

 (84 
 ) 

 (738 
 ) 

 116 

 579 

 695 

 18 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #19 
 Memphis, TN 

 2,546 

 600 

 3,866 

 (257 
 ) 

 (2,300 
 ) 

 343 

 1,566 

 1,909 

 &#151; 

 2007 
 
 -179-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #2 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,734 

 400 

 2,282 

 (169 
 ) 

 (1,341 
 ) 

 231 

 941 

 1,172 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,287 

 300 

 1,662 

 (127 
 ) 

 (978 
 ) 

 173 

 684 

 858 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #7 
 Memphis, TN 

 699 

 200 

 832 

 (85 
 ) 

 (497 
 ) 

 115 

 335 

 450 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #8 
 Memphis, TN 

 448 

 100 

 630 

 (42 
 ) 

 (374 
 ) 

 58 

 256 

 314 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 AIRPORT DISTRIB CENTER #9 
 Memphis, TN 

 811 

 200 

 948 

 (88 
 ) 

 (527 
 ) 

 112 

 421 

 534 

 19 

 2007 

 ANHEUSER BUSCH 
 Devens, MA 

 7,547 

 2,200 

 13,598 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,200 

 13,598 

 15,798 

 2,062 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;BELVIDERE 
 Belvidere, IL 

 11,329 

 1,600 

 15,521 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,600 

 15,521 

 17,121 

 2,314 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;CARTERSVILLE 
 Cartersville, GA 

 8,273 

 900 

 13,112 

 &#151; 

 (39 
 ) 

 900 

 13,073 

 13,973 

 1,946 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;DOUGLAS 
 Douglas, GA 

 3,432 

 75 

 6,681 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 75 

 6,681 

 6,756 

 994 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;GAFFNEY 
 Gaffney, SC 

 3,350 

 950 

 5,114 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 950 

 5,114 

 6,064 

 761 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;GAINESVILLE 
 Gainesville, GA 

 7,731 

 550 

 12,783 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 550 

 12,783 

 13,333 

 1,901 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;PENDERGRASS 
 Pendergrass, GA 

 14,919 

 1,250 

 24,259 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,250 

 24,259 

 25,509 

 3,608 

 2007 
 
 -180-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 ATLAS&#151;PIEDMONT 
 Piedmont, SC 

 13,563 

 400 

 23,113 

 &#151; 

 7 

 400 

 23,120 

 23,520 

 3,439 

 2007 

 ATLAS&#151;ST PAUL 
 St. Paul, MN 

 8,226 

 3,890 

 10,093 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,890 

 10,093 

 13,983 

 1,501 

 2007 

 ATLAS-BROOKLYN PARK 
 Brooklyn Park, MN 

 7,407 

 2,640 

 8,934 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,640 

 8,934 

 11,574 

 1,329 

 2007 

 ATLAS-NEW ULM 
 New Ulm, MN 

 6,015 

 900 

 9,359 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 900 

 9,359 

 10,259 

 1,394 

 2007 

 ATLAS-ZUMBROTA 
 Zumbrota, MN 

 10,242 

 1,300 

 16,437 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,300 

 16,437 

 17,737 

 2,445 

 2006 

 BAYMEADOW&#151;GLEN BURNIE 
 Glen Burnie, MD 

 13,824 

 1,225 

 23,407 

 &#151; 

 24 

 1,225 

 23,431 

 24,656 

 4,168 

 2006 

 C&S&#151;ABERDEEN 
 Aberdeen, MD 

 22,720 

 4,650 

 33,276 

 (10 
 ) 

 13 

 4,640 

 33,289 

 37,929 

 5,825 

 2006 

 C&S&#151;BIRMINGHAM 
 Birmingham, AL 

 25,512 

 3,400 

 40,373 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 3,400 

 40,373 

 43,773 

 4,945 

 2008 

 C&S&#151;NORTH HATFIELD 
 Hatfield, MA 

 20,280 

 4,800 

 30,103 

 &#151; 

 14 

 4,800 

 30,117 

 34,917 

 5,270 

 2006 

 C&S&#151;SOUTH HATFIELD 
 Hatfield, MA 

 10,000 

 2,500 

 15,251 

 &#151; 

 11 

 2,500 

 15,262 

 17,762 

 2,671 

 2006 

 C&S&#151;WESTFIELD 
 Westfield, MA 

 29,500 

 3,850 

 45,906 

 &#151; 

 13 

 3,850 

 45,919 

 49,769 

 8,036 

 2006 

 CLARION 
 Clarion, IA 

 3,172 

 87 

 4,790 

 &#151; 

 64 

 87 

 4,854 

 4,941 

 862 

 2007 
 
 -181-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 COLOMA 
 Coloma, MI 

 10,017 

 410 

 17,110 

 &#151; 

 768 

 410 

 17,878 

 18,288 

 2,667 

 2006 

 DEER PARK SEACO 
 Deer Park, TX 

 2,965 

 240 

 5,271 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 240 

 5,271 

 5,511 

 999 

 2007 

 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #2 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,623 

 280 

 2,282 

 (118 
 ) 

 (1,337 
 ) 

 162 

 945 

 1,107 

 21 

 2007 

 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #5 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,623 

 390 

 2,050 

 (165 
 ) 

 (1,172 
 ) 

 225 

 878 

 1,103 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 DELP DISTRIBUTION CENTER #8 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,399 

 760 

 1,388 

 (340 
 ) 

 (862 
 ) 

 420 

 525 

 945 

 &#151; 

 2006 

 DORAL&#151;WAUKESHA 
 Waukesha, WI 

 1,364 

 240 

 2,013 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 240 

 2,013 

 2,253 

 381 

 2006 

 HASKELL-ROLLING PLAINS FACILITY 
 Haskell, TX 

 &#151; 

 45 

 19,733 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 45 

 19,733 

 19,778 

 2,754 

 2008 

 HOME DEPOT&#151;LAKE PARK 
 Valdosta, GA 

 15,469 

 1,350 

 24,770 

 &#151; 

 4 

 1,350 

 24,774 

 26,124 

 2,601 

 2008 

 HOME DEPOT&#151;MACALLA 
 MaCalla, AL 

 17,094 

 2,800 

 26,067 

 &#151; 

 4 

 2,800 

 26,071 

 28,871 

 2,741 

 2008 
 
 -182-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HUDSON CORRECTIONAL FACILITY 
 Hudson, CO 

 &#151; 

 1,382 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 93,137 

 1,382 

 93,137 

 94,520 

 8,465 

 2009 

 IMAGINE AVONDALE 
 Avondale, AZ 

 &#151; 

 1,195 

 5,731 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,195 

 5,731 

 6,926 

 408 

 2010 

 IMAGINE COOLIDGE 
 Coolidge, AZ 

 &#151; 

 2,260 

 3,895 

 (1,490 
 ) 

 1,017 

 770 

 4,913 

 5,683 

 303 

 2010 

 IMAGINE COOLIDGE 
 II Coolidge, AZ 

 &#151; 

 1,490 

 4,857 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,490 

 4,857 

 6,347 

 37 

 2011 

 IMAGINE DISCOVERY 
 Baltimore, MD 

 &#151; 

 590 

 7,117 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 590 

 7,117 

 7,707 

 506 

 2010 

 IMAGINE FIRESTONE 
 Firestone, CO 

 &#151; 

 680 

 6,439 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 680 

 6,439 

 7,119 

 458 

 2010 

 IMAGINE HOPE LAMOND 
 Washington, DC 

 &#151; 

 775 

 9,706 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 775 

 9,706 

 10,481 

 688 

 2010 

 IMAGINE INDIGO RANCH 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

 &#151; 

 1,150 

 7,304 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,150 

 7,304 

 8,454 

 519 

 2010 

 IMAGINE TOWN CENTER 
 Palm Coast, FL 

 &#151; 

 1,175 

 7,309 

 &#151; 

 1,909 

 1,175 

 9,218 

 10,393 

 529 

 2010 

 INDUSTRIAL DRIVE 
 Horican, WI 

 3,709 

 200 

 6,812 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 200 

 6,812 

 7,012 

 1,232 

 2007 

 KATO/MILMONT 
 Fremont, CA 

 &#151; 

 2,340 

 5,460 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,340 

 5,460 

 7,800 

 &#151; 

 2011 
 
 -183-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 KINSTON 
 Kinston, NC 

 8,930 

 460 

 14,837 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 460 

 14,837 

 15,297 

 2,378 

 2006 

 KIRK ROAD 
 St. Charles, IL 

 7,863 

 2,200 

 11,413 

 &#151; 

 42 

 2,200 

 11,455 

 13,655 

 2,168 

 2007 

 LIBERTYVILLE ASSOCIATES 
 Libertyville, IL 

 14,807 

 3,600 

 20,563 

 &#151; 

 9 

 3,600 

 20,571 

 24,171 

 3,538 

 2005 

 MOUNT ZION ROAD 
 Lebanon, IN 

 24,632 

 2,570 

 41,667 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,570 

 41,667 

 44,237 

 7,169 

 2007 

 NORTH POINTE ONE 
 Hanahan, SC 

 &#151; 

 1,963 

 14,588 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,963 

 14,588 

 16,552 

 764 

 2011 

 NORTH POINTE PARK 
 Hanahan, SC 

 &#151; 

 2,350 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,350 

 &#151; 

 2,350 

 &#151; 

 2011 

 OTTAWA 
 Ottawa, IL 

 1,768 

 200 

 2,905 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 200 

 2,905 

 3,105 

 532 

 2007 

 SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC 
 Loves Park, IL 

 11,000 

 2,150 

 14,720 

 &#151; 

 59 

 2,150 

 14,779 

 16,929 

 2,491 

 2007 

 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #5 
 Memphis, TN 

 392 

 122 

 425 

 (52 
 ) 

 (255 
 ) 

 70 

 171 

 241 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #6 
 Memphis, TN 

 1,007 

 248 

 1,361 

 (105 
 ) 

 (805 
 ) 

 143 

 557 

 700 

 1 

 2007 
 
 -184-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #7 
 Memphis, TN 

 2,014 

 483 

 2,792 

 (202 
 ) 

 (1,649 
 ) 

 281 

 1,143 

 1,424 

 4 

 2007 

 SOUTHWIDE INDUSTRIAL CENTER #8 
 Memphis, TN 

 196 

 42 

 286 

 (17 
 ) 

 (169 
 ) 

 24 

 117 

 142 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #1 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 6,770 

 1,910 

 9,264 

 (803 
 ) 

 (5,529 
 ) 

 1,107 

 3,735 

 4,842 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 STONE FORT DISTRIB CENTER #4 
 Chattanooga, TN 

 1,399 

 490 

 1,782 

 (224 
 ) 

 (1,126 
 ) 

 266 

 656 

 922 

 &#151; 

 2006 

 THERMO PROCESS SYSTEMS 
 Sugar Land, TX 

 7,681 

 1,202 

 11,995 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,202 

 11,995 

 13,197 

 2,601 

 2007 

 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS I 
 Wood Dale, IL 

 4,665 

 4,700 

 3,973 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,700 

 3,973 

 8,673 

 716 

 2007 

 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS II 
 Houston, TX 

 6,372 

 1,630 

 11,252 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 1,630 

 11,252 

 12,882 

 1,936 

 2007 

 TRI-STATE HOLDINGS III 
 Mosinee, WI 

 4,334 

 650 

 8,083 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 650 

 8,083 

 8,733 

 1,391 

 2007 

 UNION VENTURE 
 West Chester, OH 

 34,420 

 4,600 

 54,292 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4,600 

 54,292 

 58,892 

 7,923 

 2007 

 UPS E-LOGISTICS 
 Elizabethtown, KY 

 9,247 

 950 

 18,453 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 950 

 18,453 

 19,403 

 2,798 

 2006 
 
 -185-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 WESTPORT&#151;MECHANICSBURG 
 Mechanicsburg, PA 

 4,029 

 1,300 

 6,185 

 &#151; 

 486 

 1,300 

 6,671 

 7,971 

 1,216 

 2006 

 Hotel 

 ALOFT CHAPEL HILL 
 Chapel Hill, NC 

 &#151; 

 6,484 

 16,478 

 45 

 16 

 6,529 

 16,494 

 23,023 

 1,422 

 2010 

 COMFORT INN&#151;CROSS CREEK 
 Fayetteville, NC 

 &#151; 

 571 

 8,789 

 &#151; 

 4,042 

 571 

 12,832 

 13,403 

 3,296 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT QUORUM 
 Addison, TX 

 18,860 

 4,000 

 26,141 

 &#151; 

 2,041 

 4,000 

 28,183 

 32,183 

 5,578 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 Ann Arbor, MI 

 11,999 

 4,989 

 18,988 

 &#151; 

 4,105 

 4,989 

 23,093 

 28,083 

 5,047 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT DUNN LORING-FAIRFAX 
 Vienna, VA 

 30,810 

 12,100 

 40,242 

 &#151; 

 2,249 

 12,100 

 42,491 

 54,591 

 9,691 

 2007 

 COURTYARD&#151;DOWNTOWN AT UAB 
 Birmingham, AL 

 6,378 

 &#151; 

 20,810 

 &#151; 

 1,525 

 &#151; 

 22,335 

 22,335 

 5,380 

 2008 

 COURTYARD&#151;FORT MEADE AT NBP 
 Annapolis Junction, MD 

 14,400 

 1,611 

 22,622 

 &#151; 

 1,544 

 1,611 

 24,166 

 25,777 

 5,266 

 2008 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT -WEST LANDS END 
 Fort Worth, TX 

 7,550 

 1,500 

 13,416 

 &#151; 

 959 

 1,500 

 14,375 

 15,875 

 3,180 

 2007 
 
 -186-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 COURTYARD&#151;FT WORTH 
 Fort Worth, TX 

 14,215 

 774 

 45,820 

 &#151; 

 1,479 

 774 

 47,299 

 48,073 

 10,604 

 2008 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 Harlingen, TX 

 6,790 

 1,600 

 13,247 

 &#151; 

 2,993 

 1,600 

 16,240 

 17,840 

 3,838 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT&#151;NORTHWEST 
 Houston, TX 

 7,129 

 1,428 

 15,085 

 &#151; 

 1,474 

 1,428 

 16,558 

 17,986 

 3,787 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT&#151;WESTCHASE 
 Houston, TX 

 16,680 

 4,400 

 22,626 

 &#151; 

 3,023 

 4,400 

 25,649 

 30,049 

 5,055 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT WEST UNIVERSITY 
 Houston, TX 

 10,980 

 2,200 

 16,408 

 &#151; 

 1,748 

 2,200 

 18,156 

 20,356 

 3,729 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT&#151;COUNTRY CLUB PLAZA 
 Kansas City, MO 

 8,598 

 3,426 

 16,349 

 &#151; 

 495 

 3,426 

 16,844 

 20,270 

 4,515 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 Lebanon, NJ 

 10,320 

 3,200 

 19,009 

 &#151; 

 2,328 

 3,200 

 21,337 

 24,537 

 4,697 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 Houston, TX 

 &#151; 

 5,272 

 12,778 

 (1,223 
 ) 

 (2,146 
 ) 

 4,048 

 10,632 

 14,681 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 COURTYARD&#151;NEWARK ELIZABETH 
 Elizabeth, NJ 

 9,737 

 &#151; 

 35,177 

 &#151; 

 2,492 

 &#151; 

 37,670 

 37,670 

 8,822 

 2008 
 
 -187-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 COURTYARD&#151;PITTSBURGH DOWNTOWN 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 16,916 

 2,700 

 33,086 

 &#151; 

 1,866 

 2,700 

 34,951 

 37,651 

 2,328 

 2010 

 COURTYARD&#151;PITTSBURGH WEST HOME 
 Pittsburgh, PA 

 8,220 

 1,500 

 14,364 

 &#151; 

 471 

 1,500 

 14,835 

 16,335 

 1,023 

 2010 

 COURTYARD&#151;RICHMOND 
 Richmond, VA 

 11,800 

 2,173 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 19,584 

 2,173 

 19,584 

 21,757 

 4,371 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT&#151;ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 Roanoke, VA 

 14,380 

 3,311 

 22,242 

 &#151; 

 2,370 

 3,311 

 24,612 

 27,922 

 4,985 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT SEATTLE&#151;FEDERAL WAY 
 Federal Way, WA 

 22,830 

 7,700 

 27,167 

 &#151; 

 1,594 

 7,700 

 28,761 

 36,461 

 5,535 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT CHICAGO- ST.CHARLES St. 
 Charles, IL 

 &#151; 

 1,685 

 9,355 

 (725 
 ) 

 (5,315 
 ) 

 960 

 4,040 

 5,000 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT&#151;WILLIAM CENTER 
 Tucson, AZ 

 16,030 

 4,000 

 20,942 

 &#151; 

 3,212 

 4,000 

 24,154 

 28,154 

 5,307 

 2007 

 COURTYARD BY MARRIOTT 
 Wilmington, NC 

 &#151; 

 2,397 

 18,560 

 &#151; 

 3,355 

 2,397 

 21,916 

 24,313 

 4,509 

 2007 
 
 -188-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 COURTYARD&#151;WEST PALM AIRPORT 

 5,917 

 1,900 

 8,703 

 &#151; 

 950 

 1,900 

 9,653 

 11,553 

 653 

 2010 

 Palm Coast, FL 

 DOUBLETREE&#151;ATLANTA GALLERIA 
 Alpharetta, GA 

 6,116 

 1,082 

 20,397 

 &#151; 

 1,736 

 1,082 

 22,133 

 23,214 

 5,353 

 2008 

 DOUBLETREE&#151;WASHINGTON DC 
 Washington, DC 

 26,398 

 25,857 

 56,964 

 &#151; 

 3,016 

 25,857 

 59,979 

 85,836 

 12,162 

 2008 

 EMBASSY SUITES&#151;BALTIMORE 
 Hunt Valley, MD 

 12,661 

 2,429 

 38,927 

 &#151; 

 4,569 

 2,429 

 43,497 

 45,926 

 10,440 

 2008 

 FAIRFIELD INN 
 Ann Arbor, MI 

 &#151; 

 1,981 

 6,353 

 &#151; 

 563 

 1,981 

 6,916 

 8,897 

 1,904 

 2007 

 FAIRMONT&#151;DALLAS 
 Dallas, TX 

 42,500 

 8,700 

 60,634 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 8,700 

 60,634 

 69,334 

 1,241 

 2011 

 HAMPTON INN SUITES&#151;DENVER 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

 7,216 

 6,144 

 26,472 

 &#151; 

 1,205 

 6,144 

 27,676 

 33,820 

 6,220 

 2008 

 HAMPTON INN ATLANTA&#151;PERIMETER CENTER 
 Atlanta, GA 

 8,294 

 2,768 

 14,072 

 (1,067 
 ) 

 (7,273 
 ) 

 1,701 

 6,799 

 8,500 

 &#151; 

 2007 
 
 -189-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HAMPTON INN BALTIMORE-INNER HARBOR 
 Baltimore, MD 

 13,700 

 1,700 

 21,067 

 &#151; 

 1,016 

 1,700 

 22,083 

 23,783 

 4,260 

 2007 

 HAMPTON INN RALEIGH-CARY 
 Cary, NC 

 4,634 

 2,268 

 10,503 

 (55 
 ) 

 (1,052 
 ) 

 2,213 

 9,451 

 11,664 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HAMPTON INN UNIVERSITY PLACE 
 Charlotte, NC 

 3,803 

 3,509 

 11,335 

 (1,219 
 ) 

 (5,625 
 ) 

 2,290 

 5,710 

 8,000 

 2,874 

 2007 

 HAMPTON INN SUITES DULUTH-GWINNETT 
 Duluth, GA 

 9,408 

 488 

 12,991 

 (90 
 ) 

 (3,888 
 ) 

 398 

 9,102 

 9,500 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HAMPTON INN WHITE PLAINS-TARRYTOWN 
 Elmsford, NY 

 15,354 

 3,200 

 26,160 

 &#151; 

 5,405 

 3,200 

 31,565 

 34,765 

 6,021 

 2007 

 HAMPTON INN 
 Jacksonville, NC 

 &#151; 

 2,753 

 3,782 

 (69 
 ) 

 504 

 2,683 

 4,287 

 6,970 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HGI&#151;BOSTON BURLINGTON 
 Burlington, MA 

 5,871 

 4,095 

 25,556 

 &#151; 

 2,436 

 4,095 

 27,992 

 32,087 

 5,992 

 2008 

 HGI&#151;COLORADO SPRINGS 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

 &#151; 

 1,400 

 17,522 

 &#151; 

 2,352 

 1,400 

 19,874 

 21,274 

 &#151; 

 2008 

 HGI&#151;SAN ANTONIO AIRPORT 
 San Antonio, TX 

 6,085 

 1,498 

 19,484 

 (516 
 ) 

 (10,965 
 ) 

 981 

 8,519 

 9,500 

 4,607 

 2008 
 
 -190-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HGI&#151;WASHINGTON DC 
 Washington, DC 

 59,583 

 18,800 

 64,359 

 &#151; 

 3,280 

 18,800 

 67,639 

 86,439 

 14,819 

 2008 

 HILTON GARDEN INN TAMPA YBOR 
 Tampa, FL 

 9,460 

 2,400 

 16,159 

 &#151; 

 1,528 

 2,400 

 17,687 

 20,087 

 3,493 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN&#151;AKRON 
 Akron, OH 

 6,421 

 900 

 11,556 

 &#151; 

 (381 
 ) 

 900 

 11,175 

 12,075 

 2,795 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN ALBANY AIRPORT 
 Albany, NY 

 12,050 

 1,645 

 20,263 

 &#151; 

 4,144 

 1,645 

 24,407 

 26,052 

 5,097 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN ATLANTA WINWARD 
 Alpharetta, GA 

 10,309 

 1,030 

 18,206 

 (251 
 ) 

 (6,985 
 ) 

 779 

 11,221 

 12,000 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 Evanston, IL 

 19,560 

 2,920 

 27,995 

 &#151; 

 1,840 

 2,920 

 29,835 

 32,755 

 5,824 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN RALEIGH -DURHAM 
 Raleigh, NC 

 7,818 

 2,754 

 26,050 

 &#151; 

 4,446 

 2,754 

 30,496 

 33,250 

 5,906 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 Westbury, NY 

 21,680 

 8,900 

 25,156 

 &#151; 

 3,884 

 8,900 

 29,039 

 37,939 

 5,762 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN 
 Wilmington, NC 

 5,160 

 6,354 

 10,328 

 &#151; 

 253 

 6,354 

 10,581 

 16,935 

 3,162 

 2007 
 
 -191-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HILTON GARDEN INN HARTFORD NORTH 
 Windsor, CT 

 10,192 

 5,606 

 13,892 

 &#151; 

 4,608 

 5,606 

 18,500 

 24,106 

 3,469 

 2007 

 HILTON GARDEN INN PHOENIX 
 Phoenix, AZ 

 &#151; 

 5,114 

 57,105 

 &#151; 

 691 

 5,114 

 57,796 

 62,910 

 11,848 

 2008 

 HILTON&#151;UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 
 Gainesville, FL 

 27,775 

 &#151; 

 50,407 

 &#151; 

 5,562 

 &#151; 

 55,969 

 55,969 

 12,701 

 2007 

 HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS&#151;CLEARWATER GATEWAY 
 Clearwater, FL 

 &#151; 

 2,283 

 6,202 

 &#151; 

 (2,753 
 ) 

 2,283 

 3,448 

 5,731 

 117 

 2007 

 HOLIDAY INN HARMON MEADOW SECAUCUS 
 Secaucus, NJ 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 23,291 

 1 

 9,443 

 1 

 32,734 

 32,736 

 6,760 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD&#151;HOUSTON GALLERIA 
 Houston, TX 

 9,415 

 1,655 

 30,587 

 &#151; 

 502 

 1,655 

 31,089 

 32,744 

 8,044 

 2008 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Albuquerque, NM 

 10,160 

 2,400 

 18,071 

 &#151; 

 2,790 

 2,400 

 20,861 

 23,261 

 5,116 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Baton Rouge, LA 

 12,930 

 4,300 

 15,629 

 &#151; 

 2,648 

 4,300 

 18,277 

 22,577 

 4,406 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Cary, NC 

 12,511 

 1,478 

 19,404 

 &#151; 

 4,998 

 1,478 

 24,402 

 25,880 

 5,761 

 2007 
 
 -192-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES HOUSTON - CLEARLAKE 
 Houston, TX 

 7,089 

 1,235 

 12,655 

 (262 
 ) 

 (3,307 
 ) 

 974 

 9,348 

 10,322 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Durham, NC 

 7,803 

 2,403 

 10,441 

 (709 
 ) 

 (4,135 
 ) 

 1,694 

 6,306 

 8,000 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Lake Mary, FL 

 9,757 

 721 

 9,592 

 (221 
 ) 

 (3,991 
 ) 

 500 

 5,601 

 6,102 

 &#151; 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES METRO CENTER 
 Phoenix, AZ 

 6,213 

 2,684 

 9,740 

 (1,275 
 ) 

 (5,970 
 ) 

 1,409 

 3,770 

 5,179 

 35 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES 
 Princeton, NJ 

 14,300 

 3,203 

 21,300 

 &#151; 

 427 

 3,203 

 21,726 

 24,929 

 5,412 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES CRABTREE VALLEY 
 Raleigh, NC 

 12,631 

 2,194 

 21,292 

 &#151; 

 3,198 

 2,194 

 24,490 

 26,684 

 5,178 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES CLEVELAND SOLON 
 Solon, OH 

 5,490 

 1,900 

 10,757 

 &#151; 

 1,700 

 1,900 

 12,457 

 14,357 

 3,067 

 2007 

 HOMEWOOD SUITES COLORADO SPRINGS NORTH 
 Colorado Springs, CO 

 7,830 

 2,900 

 14,011 

 &#151; 

 2,606 

 2,900 

 16,617 

 19,517 

 4,447 

 2007 

 HYATT REGENCY&#151;OC 
 Orange County, CA 

 65,000 

 18,688 

 93,384 

 &#151; 

 24,699 

 18,688 

 118,083 

 136,771 

 19,669 

 2008 
 
 -193-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 HYATT&#151;BOSTON/MEDFORD 
 Medford, MA 

 8,142 

 2,766 

 29,141 

 &#151; 

 283 

 2,766 

 29,424 

 32,190 

 7,511 

 2008 

 MARRIOTT&#151;ATL CENTURY CENTER 
 Atlanta, GA 

 9,628 

 &#151; 

 36,571 

 &#151; 

 2,840 

 &#151; 

 39,411 

 39,411 

 11,197 

 2008 

 MARRIOTT&#151;CHICAGO&#151;MED DIST UIC 
 Chicago, IL 

 7,896 

 8,831 

 17,911 

 &#151; 

 5,047 

 8,831 

 22,958 

 31,789 

 5,732 

 2008 

 MARRIOTT&#151;CHARLESTON 
 Charleston, SC 

 17,752 

 &#151; 

 26,647 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 26,647 

 26,647 

 1,877 

 2008 

 MARRIOTT&#151;DALLAS 
 Dallas, TX 

 30,553 

 6,300 

 45,158 

 &#151; 

 11,432 

 6,300 

 56,590 

 62,890 

 3,368 

 2010 

 MARRIOTT&#151;NAPA VALLEY 
 Napa Valley, CA 

 40,000 

 14,800 

 57,223 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 14,800 

 57,223 

 72,023 

 883 

 2011 

 MARRIOTT&#151;WOODLANDS WATERWAY 
 Woodlands, TX 

 77,897 

 5,500 

 98,886 

 &#151; 

 24,389 

 5,500 

 123,275 

 128,775 

 23,055 

 2007 

 MARRIOTT&#151;WEST DES MOINES 
 Des Moines, IA 

 10,976 

 3,410 

 15,416 

 &#151; 

 2,531 

 3,410 

 17,947 

 21,357 

 1,073 

 2010 

 QUALITY SUITES Charleston, SC 

 10,159 

 1,331 

 13,709 

 &#151; 

 13,502 

 1,331 

 27,211 

 28,543 

 3,406 

 2007 
 
 -194-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 RESIDENCE INN&#151;BALTIMORE 
 Baltimore, MD 

 40,040 

 &#151; 

 55,410 

 &#151; 

 3,764 

 &#151; 

 59,175 

 59,175 

 12,897 

 2008 

 RESIDENCE INN 
 Brownsville, TX 

 6,900 

 1,700 

 12,629 

 &#151; 

 1,085 

 1,700 

 13,714 

 15,414 

 2,909 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN&#151;CAMBRIDGE 
 Cambridge, MA 

 26,726 

 10,346 

 72,735 

 &#151; 

 712 

 10,346 

 73,447 

 83,792 

 15,298 

 2008 

 RESIDENCE INN SOUTH BRUNSWICK-CRANBURY 
 Cranbury, NJ 

 10,000 

 5,100 

 15,368 

 &#151; 

 2,547 

 5,100 

 17,916 

 23,016 

 4,073 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN CYPRESS&#151;LOS ALAMITS 
 Cypress, CA 

 20,650 

 9,200 

 25,079 

 &#151; 

 3,280 

 9,200 

 28,359 

 37,559 

 6,509 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN DFW AIRPORT NORTH 
 Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 

 9,560 

 2,800 

 14,782 

 &#151; 

 791 

 2,800 

 15,573 

 18,373 

 3,245 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN PARK CENTRAL 
 Dallas , TX 

 8,970 

 2,600 

 17,322 

 &#151; 

 2,781 

 2,600 

 20,102 

 22,702 

 4,805 

 2007 
 
 -195-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 RESIDENCE INN SOMERSET-FRANKLIN 
 Franklin , NJ 

 9,890 

 3,100 

 14,322 

 &#151; 

 2,243 

 3,100 

 16,564 

 19,664 

 3,738 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN 
 Hauppauge, NY 

 10,810 

 5,300 

 14,632 

 &#151; 

 2,263 

 5,300 

 16,895 

 22,195 

 3,824 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN WESTCHASE 
 Westchase, TX 

 12,550 

 4,300 

 16,969 

 &#151; 

 863 

 4,300 

 17,832 

 22,132 

 3,731 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN WEST UNIVERSITY 
 Houston, TX 

 13,100 

 3,800 

 18,834 

 &#151; 

 618 

 3,800 

 19,452 

 23,252 

 4,148 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN NASHVILLE AIRPORT 
 Nashville, TN 

 12,120 

 3,500 

 14,147 

 &#151; 

 1,662 

 3,500 

 15,809 

 19,309 

 3,357 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN&#151;POUGHKEEPSIE 
 Poughkeepsie, NY 

 8,109 

 1,003 

 24,590 

 &#151; 

 595 

 1,003 

 25,185 

 26,188 

 5,872 

 2008 

 RESIDENCE INN ROANOKE AIRPORT 
 Roanoke, VA 

 5,800 

 500 

 9,499 

 &#151; 

 238 

 500 

 9,736 

 10,236 

 2,382 

 2007 

 RESIDENCE INN WILLIAMS CENTRE 
 Tucson, AZ 

 12,770 

 3,700 

 17,601 

 &#151; 

 521 

 3,700 

 18,122 

 21,822 

 3,964 

 2007 
 
 -196-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) December 31, 2011 

 Initial Cost (A) 

 Gross amount at which carried at end of period 

 Encumbrance 

 Land 

 Buildings and Improvements 

 Adjustments to Land Basis (C) 

 Adjustments to Basis (C) 

 Land and Improvements 

 Buildings and Improvements (D) 

 Total (D,E) 

 Accumulated Depreciation (D,F) 

 Date of Completion of Construction or Acquisition 

 RESIDENCE INN&#151;NEWARK ELIZABETH 
 Elizabeth, NJ 

 10,297 

 &#151; 

 41,096 

 &#151; 

 2,101 

 &#151; 

 43,197 

 43,197 

 10,370 

 2008 

 SPRINGHILL SUITES 
 Danbury, CT 

 9,130 

 3,200 

 14,833 

 &#151; 

 1,364 

 3,200 

 16,198 

 19,398 

 3,066 

 2007 

 Balance 

 5,770,595 

 1,955,409 

 8,064,150 

 (16,772 
 ) 

 401,452 

 1,938,637 

 8,465,602 

 10,404,239 

 1,301,899 

 -197-

 Table of Contents 

 INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 
 (A Maryland Corporation) Schedule III (continued) Real Estate and
Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2011 (Dollar amounts in thousands) Notes: 

 (A) 
 The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property, including amounts incurred subsequent to acquisition which were contemplated at
the time the property was acquired. 

 (B) 
 The aggregate cost of real estate owned at December 31, 2011 for Federal income tax purposes was approximately $11,048,124 (unaudited). 

 (C) 
 Cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition includes payments under master lease agreements as well as additional tangible costs associated with investment properties,
including any earnout of tenant space. 

 (D) 
 Reconciliation of real estate owned: 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Balance at January 1, 
 
 $ 
 10,295,107 

 9,551,426 

 8,216,942 

 Acquisitions and capital improvements 

 433,410 

 1,058,837 

 1,378,465 

 Intangible assets 

 4,550 

 (73,901 
 ) 

 (81,052 
 ) 
 
 Intangible liabilities 

 6,846 

 10,916 

 37,071 

 Sales 

 (335,674 
 ) 

 (252,171 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Balance at December 31, 
 
 $ 
 10,404,239 

 10,295,107 

 9,551,426 

 (E) 
 Reconciliation of accumulated depreciation: 

 Balance at January 1, 
 
 $ 
 1,038,829 

 717,547 

 406,235 

 Depreciation expense 

 263,070 

 321,282 

 311,312 

 Balance at December 31, 
 
 $ 
 1,301,899 

 1,038,829 

 717,547 

 (F) 
 Depreciation is computed based upon the following estimated lives: 

 Buildings and improvements 

 30 years 

 Tenant improvements 

 Life of the lease 

 Furniture, fixtures & equipment 

 5-15 years 

 -198-

 Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures As required by Rule
13a-15(b) and Rule 15d-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;), our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer evaluated as of December 31, 2011,
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures, as of December 31, 2011, were effective for the purpose of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in this report is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the
rules and forms of the Exchange Act and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and our principal financial officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated as of December 31, 2011, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in &#147;Internal Control-Integrated
Framework&#148; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2011. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company&#146;s independent registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management&#146;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to permanent deferral of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management&#146;s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2011 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 -199-

 Table of Contents 

 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than April 29, 2012, and is incorporated herein by reference. Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which is available on our website free of charge at
 http://www.inlandamerican.com . We will provide the code of ethics free of charge upon request to our customer relations group. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for the
2012 annual meeting of stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2012, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than April 29, 2012, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required by this Item will be presented in our
definitive proxy statement for the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than April 29, 2012, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The information required by this Item will be presented in our definitive proxy statement for the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, which is expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than April 29, 2012, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 -200-

 Table of Contents 

 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a) 
 List of documents filed: 

 (1) 
 Financial Statements: 

 Report 
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The 
 consolidated financial statements of the Company are set forth in the report in Item 8. 

 (2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

 Financial 
 statement schedule for the year ended December 31, 2011 is submitted herewith. 

 Real 
 Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Schedule III) 

 (3) 
 Exhibits: 

 The 
 list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report is set forth on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 

 (b) 
 Exhibits: 

 The 
 exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed on the Exhibit Index attached hereto. 

 (c) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 All schedules other than those indicated in the index have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is
presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 -201-

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. INLAND AMERICAN REAL ESTATE TRUST, INC. 

 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 

 By: 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral 

 President and Director 
 
 Date: 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Robert D. Parks 
 
 Director and chairman of the board 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Robert D. Parks 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Brenda G. Gujral 
 
 Director and president (principal executive officer) 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Brenda G. Gujral 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Jack Potts 
 
 Treasurer and principal financial officer 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Jack Potts 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Anna N. Fitzgerald 
 
 Principal accounting officer 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Anna N. Fitzgerald 

 By: 
 
 /s/ J. Michael Borden 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 J. Michael Borden 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Thomas F. Meagher 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Thomas F. Meagher 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Paula Saban 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Paula Saban 

 By: 
 
 /s/ William J. Wierzbicki 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 William J. Wierzbicki 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Thomas F. Glavin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2012 
 
 Name: 
 
 Thomas F. Glavin 

 -202-

 Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

 3.1 
 
 Sixth Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by
the Registrant with the SEC on August 26, 2010) 

 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as
filed by the Registrant with the SEC on April 1, 2008), as amended by the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective as of January 20, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the
Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 23, 2009) 

 4.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the
SEC on September 23, 2010) 

 4.2 
 
 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued
shares without certificates) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 31, 2007 (file number
333-139504)) 

 10.1 
 
 First Amended and Restated Business Management Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Business Manager
& Advisor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 3, 2009) 

 10.2.1 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the
Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

 10.2.2 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Apartment Management LLC (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

 10.2.3 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Industrial Management LLC
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 
 -203-

 Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

 10.2.4 
 
 Master Management Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2005, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Office Management LLC (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.2.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 7, 2005), as amended by the First Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated September 10, 2008 (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 16, 2008) and the Second Amendment to Master Management Agreement, dated December 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on January 4, 2011) 

 10.2.5 
 
 Master Management Agreement and Property Management Agreement Extension Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2011, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland
American Apartment Management LLC, Inland American Industrial Management LLC, Inland American Office Management LLC and Inland American Retail Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by
the Registrant with the SEC on December 29, 2011) 

 10.3 
 
 First Amended and Restated Property Acquisition Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2007, by and between Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Inland American Real Estate
Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 1 to Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 31, 2007 (file number
333-139504)) 

 10.4 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (previously filed and incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Amendment No. 4 to Form S-11
Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on August 18, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2008, by Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc. in favor of and for the benefit of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.177 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on June 13, 2008) 

 10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Independent Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with
the SEC on July 26, 2010) 

 10.7 
 
 Articles of Association of Oak Real Estate Association by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc. and
Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 

 10.8 
 
 Operating Agreement of Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real Estate Trust,
Inc. and Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc, dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on November 7,
2006) 

 10.9 
 
 Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. Membership Participation Agreement by and among Inland Real Estate Corporation, Inland Retail Real Estate Trust, Inc., Inland Western Retail Real
Estate Trust, Inc., Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., and Oak Property and Casualty L.L.C. dated September 29, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed by the
Registrant with the SEC on November 7, 2006) 

 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant* 

 23.1 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP* 
 -204-

 Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 

 99.1 
 
 Non-Retaliation Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on
February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 99.2 
 
 Responsibilities of the Compliance Officer of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form S-11 Registration Statement, as filed by
the Registrant with the SEC on February 11, 2005 (file number 333-122743)) 

 99.3 
 
 First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K,
as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

 99.4 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 3.5% Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

 99.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K,
as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

 99.6 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to Convertible Special Voting Stock
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

 99.7 
 
 Articles of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Minto Builders (Florida), Inc. with Respect to 125 Shares of 12.5% Series B
Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on October 17, 2005) 

 99.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, effective April 11, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with
the SEC on March 11, 2011), as amended by the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program of Inland American Real Estate Trust, Inc., effective August 12, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the
Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the Registrant with the SEC on July 12, 2011), 

 99.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Program, effective February 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Form 8-K, as filed by the
Registrant with the SEC on December 29, 2011) 
 -205-

 Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION 

 101 
 
 The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2012, is
formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (&#147;XBRL&#148;): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (tagged as blocks of text).** 

 * 
 Filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 ** 
 The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed &#147;filed&#148; for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set
forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 
 -206-

