 
 8-K
 1
 d924567d8k.htm
 8-K

 8-K 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 8-K
 
 CURRENT REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): May 12, 2015 
 
 AOL INC. (Exact Name of
Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

 Delaware 
 
 001-34419 
 
 20-4268793 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (Commission 
 File Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

 770 Broadway, New York, New York 

 10003 

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

 (Zip Code) 
 (212) 652-6400 
 (Registrant&#146;s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Not Applicable (Former
Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) 
 Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: 

 &#168; 
 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

 &#168; 
 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

 &#168; 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

 &#168; 
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

 Item 1.01. 
 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On May 12, 2015, AOL Inc., a Delaware
corporation (&#147; AOL &#148; or the &#147; Company &#148;), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the &#147; Merger Agreement &#148;) with Verizon Communications Inc., a Delaware corporation (&#147; Verizon &#148;), and
Hanks Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Verizon (&#147; Acquisition Sub &#148;), pursuant to which Acquisition Sub will, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, conduct a tender
offer for all of the Company&#146;s common stock and then merge with and into the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Acquisition Sub will commence a tender offer (the &#147; Offer &#148;) no later than May 27, 2015 to acquire all outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at a purchase price
of $50.00 per share (the &#147; Offer Price &#148;), net to the seller in cash, without interest, less any required withholding taxes. The Merger Agreement further provides that upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein,
following completion of the Offer, Acquisition Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Verizon (the &#147; Merger &#148;). The Merger will be
governed by Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, with no stockholder vote required to consummate the Merger. In the Merger, each outstanding share of Company common stock, (other than shares of Company common
stock held by the Company, Verizon or Acquisition Sub or held by stockholders who are entitled to demand, and who properly demand, appraisal rights under Delaware law), will be converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to the Offer
Price, subject to any required withholding of taxes and without interest. The Offer is subject to customary conditions, including, among
other things, (i) the absence of a termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (ii) that the number of shares of Company common stock validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer and not validly
withdrawn, together with any shares of Company common stock then owned by Verizon or its subsidiaries, shall equal at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock on a fully diluted basis, (iii) that any applicable waiting
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, and the German Act against Restraints of Competition, shall have expired or otherwise been terminated and (iv) that no
governmental authority shall have enacted any law or order which makes the Offer or the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the Offer or the Merger. The Offer also is subject to other customary conditions for a transaction of
this nature. The Merger is subject to the following closing conditions: (i) Acquisition Sub having accepted for payment all shares
of Company common stock validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Offer and (ii) no governmental authority having enacted any law or order which makes the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibits the consummation of the Merger. 
 The board of directors of the Company has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the

Merger, in accordance with the requirements of Delaware law, and (iii) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their shares of Company common
stock to Acquisition Sub in the Offer. The board of directors of Verizon has also approved the Offer and the Merger. The Merger Agreement
contains representations, warranties and covenants of the parties customary for a transaction of this type, including, among other things, a covenant of the Company not to solicit alternative transactions or to provide information or enter into
discussions in connection with alternative transactions, subject to certain exceptions to allow the Company&#146;s board of directors to exercise its fiduciary duties. 
 The Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain circumstances, including in specified circumstances in connection with superior
proposals. Upon the termination of the Merger Agreement, under specified circumstances, the Company will be required to pay Verizon a termination fee of approximately $150 million, or under other specified circumstances, an expense reimbursement of
approximately $43 million. The foregoing summary of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be
complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Merger Agreement and the above description have been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding the
terms of the Merger Agreement. They are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Verizon, Acquisition Sub or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates or stockholders. The representations, warranties and covenants
contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates; were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement; and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties,
including being qualified by confidential disclosures made by each contracting party to the other for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between them that differ from those applicable to investors. Investors should not rely on the
representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company, Verizon, Acquisition Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, businesses or
stockholders. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public
disclosures by the Company or Verizon. Accordingly, investors should read the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement not in isolation but only in conjunction with the other information about the Company or Verizon and their
respective subsidiaries that the respective companies include in reports, statements and other filings they make with the SEC. 

 Item 5.03. 
 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. On
May 11, 2015, the board of directors of the Company determined that it was in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to amend the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company (the &#147; Bylaws &#148;) and by resolution
authorized, approved and adopted an amendment to the Bylaws (the &#147; Bylaw Amendment &#148;). The Bylaw Amendment became effective upon the date of the Merger Agreement. 

 The Bylaw Amendment provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee
of the Company to the Company or the Company&#146;s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Company&#146;s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director of officer or other employee of the Company governed by the internal affairs doctrine, shall be a
state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware). A copy of the Bylaw Amendment is attached as Exhibit 3.1 
to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 7.01. 
 Regulation FD Disclosure. On May 12, 2015, Verizon issued a press release, which
AOL posted on its web site, announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement described above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Important Information 
 The tender offer for the outstanding common stock of the Company referred to in this document has not yet commenced. This document is not an
offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. The solicitation and the offer to purchase shares of the Company&#146;s common stock will only be made pursuant to an offer to purchase and related
materials that Verizon and Acquisition Sub intend to file with the SEC. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Verizon and Acquisition Sub will file a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the SEC, and soon thereafter the Company will file
a Solicitation / Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with respect to the tender offer. STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ARE ADVISED TO READ THE SCHEDULE TO (INCLUDING AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, A RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND OTHER OFFER DOCUMENTS)
AND THE SCHEDULE 14D-9, AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE TENDER OFFER BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS
WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES THERETO. Forward Looking Statements 
 This communication may contain &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 regarding the proposed transaction with Verizon and other matters. Words such as &#147;anticipates,&#148; &#147;estimates,&#148; &#147;expects,&#148; &#147;projects,&#148; &#147;forecasts,&#148; &#147;intends,&#148; &#147;plans,&#148;
&#147;will,&#148; &#147;believes&#148; and words and terms of similar substance used 

in connection with any discussion of the proposed transaction identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management&#146;s current expectations and beliefs
about future events. As with any projection or forecast, they are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Except as required by law, we are under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter
any forward-looking statements whether as a result of such changes, new information, subsequent events or otherwise. Various factors could adversely affect our operations, business or financial results in the future and cause our actual results to
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed in detail in the &#147;Risk Factors&#148; sections contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014
filed with the SEC, as well as, among other things: 1) the ability to obtain requisite regulatory approvals required to complete the proposed transaction with Verizon, 2) the satisfaction of the conditions to the consummation of the proposed
transaction, 3) the timing of the completion of the proposed transaction and 4) the potential impact of the announcement or consummation of the proposed transaction on our relationships, including with employees, suppliers and customers. 

 Item 9.01. 
 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. 

 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 12, 2015, by and among Verizon Communications Inc., Hanks Acquisition Sub, Inc. and AOL Inc. (Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, AOL Inc. hereby agrees to supplementally
furnish to the SEC upon request any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Agreement and Plan of Merger.) 

 3.1 
 
 Amendment to AOL Inc.&#146;s Amended and Restated By-laws dated May 12, 2015 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release dated May 12, 2015 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

 AOL INC. 

 Date: May 12, 2015 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Karen Dykstra 

 Name: Karen Dykstra 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer and 
 Administrative Officer 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 12, 2015, by and among Verizon Communications Inc., Hanks Acquisition Sub, Inc. and AOL Inc. (Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, 
AOL Inc. hereby agrees to supplementally furnish to the SEC upon request any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Agreement and Plan of Merger.) 

 3.1 
 
 Amendment to AOL Inc.&#146;s Amended and Restated By-laws dated May 12, 2015 

 99.1 
 
 Press Release dated May 12, 2015 

