 
 10-K
 1
 d638517d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

 Form 10-K 

 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 10-K

 &#120; 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 
 OR 

 &#168; 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from
 to
 
 Commission file number 1-12378 
 NVR, Inc.
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

 Virginia 
 
 54-1394360 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification Number) 

 11700 Plaza America Drive, Suite 500 
 Reston, Virginia 
 
 20190 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant&#146;s telephone number, including area code: (703) 956-4000 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

 Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#120; No &#168; Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes &#168; No &#120; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes &#120; No &#168; 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes &#120; No &#168; 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K. &#120; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer,&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
One): 

 Large accelerated filer 
 
 &#120; 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 &#168; 

 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 &#168; (Do not check if a Smaller Reporting Company) 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 &#168; 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes &#168; No &#120; 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of NVR, Inc. on June 30, 2013, the last business day of NVR, Inc.&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $4,100,372,390. As of February 17, 2014 there were 4,472,698 total shares of common
stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement of NVR, Inc. to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 on or prior to April 30, 2014 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

 Table of Contents 

 INDEX 

 Page 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 
 
 Business 

 2 

 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 7 

 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 12 

 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

 12 

 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 13 

 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 14 

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

 14 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 

 15 

 Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

 17 

 Item 7. 
 
 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 17 

 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

 39 

 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 42 

 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 42 

 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 42 

 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

 42 

 PART III 

 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

 42 

 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 43 

 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 43 

 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 43 

 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 43 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 44 

 1 

 Table of Contents 

 PART I 

 Item 1. 
 Business. General 
 NVR, Inc. (&#147;NVR&#148;), a Virginia corporation, was formed in 1980 as NVHomes, Inc. Our primary business is the construction and sale of
single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings, all of which are primarily constructed on a pre-sold basis. To more fully serve customers of our homebuilding operations, we also operate a mortgage banking and title services
business. We conduct our homebuilding activities directly. Our mortgage banking operations are operated primarily through a wholly owned subsidiary, NVR Mortgage Finance, Inc. (&#147;NVRM&#148;). Unless the context otherwise requires, references to
&#147;NVR&#148;, &#147;we&#148;, &#147;us&#148; or &#147;our&#148; include NVR and its consolidated subsidiaries. We are one of the
largest homebuilders in the United States. We operate in multiple locations in fourteen states and Washington, D.C., primarily in the eastern part of the United States. During 2013, approximately 25% and 12% of our home settlements occurred in the
Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, MD metropolitan areas, respectively, which accounted for approximately 31% and 15%, respectively, of our 2013 homebuilding revenues. Our homebuilding operations include the construction and sale of single-family
detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings under four trade names: Ryan Homes, NVHomes, Fox Ridge Homes and Heartland Homes. The Ryan Homes and Fox Ridge Homes products are marketed primarily to first-time and first-time move-up buyers.
Ryan Homes operates in twenty-seven metropolitan areas located in Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C., West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Ohio, New Jersey, Delaware, Indiana, Illinois and Tennessee. Fox
Ridge Homes operates in the Nashville, TN metropolitan area. The NVHomes and Heartland Homes products are marketed primarily to move-up and up-scale buyers. NVHomes operates in Delaware and the Washington, D.C., Baltimore, MD, Philadelphia, PA and
Raleigh, NC metropolitan areas. Heartland Homes operates in the Pittsburgh, PA metropolitan area. In 2013, our average price of a settled unit was approximately $349,100. 
 Historically, we generally have not engaged in land development (see discussion below on our limited land development activities). Instead, we
typically acquire finished building lots at market prices from various development entities under fixed price purchase agreements (&#147;purchase agreements&#148;) that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the purchase
agreement. The deposits required under the purchase agreements are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage, typically ranging up to 10%, of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. 
 We believe that our lot acquisition strategy avoids the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and land
development. We may, at our option, choose for any reason and at any time not to perform under these purchase agreements by delivering notice of our intent not to acquire the finished lots under contract. Our sole legal obligation and economic loss
for failure to perform under these purchase agreements is limited to the amount of the deposit pursuant to the liquidated damage provision contained within the purchase agreements. We do not have any financial guarantees or completion obligations
and we typically do not guarantee lot purchases on a specific performance basis under these purchase agreements. None of the creditors of any of the development entities with which we have entered these purchase agreements have recourse to our
general credit. We generally seek to maintain control over a supply of lots believed to be suitable to meet our five-year business plan. 
 Our continued success is contingent upon our ability to control an adequate supply of finished lots on which to build and on our
developers&#146; ability to deliver finished lots to meet the sales demands of our customers. However, during the past several years, the impact of economic conditions on the homebuilding industry has negatively impacted our developers&#146; ability
to obtain acquisition and development financing and to raise equity investments to finance land development activity. As a result of the changing environment, in certain specific strategic circumstances we deviate from our historical lot acquisition
strategy and engage in joint venture arrangements with land developers or directly acquire raw ground already zoned for its intended use for 
 2 

 Table of Contents 

development. Once we acquire control of any raw ground, we determine whether to sell the raw parcel to a developer and enter into a fixed price purchase agreement with the developer to purchase
the finished lots, or whether to hire a developer to develop the land on our behalf. While joint venture arrangements and direct land development activity are not our preferred method of acquiring finished building lots, we may enter into additional
transactions in the future on a limited basis where there exists a compelling strategic or prudent financial reason to do so. We expect, however, to continue to acquire substantially all of our finished lot inventory using fixed price purchase
agreements with forfeitable deposits. As of December 31, 2013, we controlled approximately 58,100 lots under purchase agreements
with deposits in cash and letters of credit totaling approximately $296.6 million and $2.5 million, respectively. Included in the number of controlled lots are approximately 9,200 lots for which we have recorded a contract land deposit impairment
reserve of approximately $59.8 million as of December 31, 2013. In addition, we had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $92.7 million in four separate joint venture limited liability corporations (&#147;JVs&#148;), expected to
produce approximately 9,300 lots. Of the lots controlled by the JVs, approximately 3,400 were not under contract with us at December 31, 2013. Further, as of December 31, 2013, we directly owned five separate raw parcels of land, zoned for
their intended use, with a current cost basis, including development costs, of approximately $41.3 million that we intend to develop into approximately 650 finished lots for use in our homebuilding operations. Of the total finished lots expected to
be developed, 125 lots are under contract to be sold to an unrelated party under lot purchase agreements. See Notes 3, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding fixed price purchase
agreements, JVs and land under development, respectively. In addition to building and selling homes, we provide a number of
mortgage-related services through our mortgage banking operations. Through operations in each of our homebuilding markets, NVRM originates mortgage loans almost exclusively for our homebuyers. NVRM generates revenues primarily from origination fees,
gains on sales of loans and title fees. NVRM sells all of the mortgage loans it closes into the secondary markets on a servicing released basis. 
 Segment information for our homebuilding and mortgage banking businesses is included in Note 2 in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. Current Business Environment 
 During 2013, sales trends in the first six months were stronger than the last six months of the year. During the first half of 2013, the
homebuilding market continued to experience the favorable sales and pricing trends which began in 2012, driven by historically low mortgage interest rates and rising costs in the rental market which contributed to higher levels of housing
affordability. Sales trends in the second half of 2013 were negatively impacted by increasing mortgage interest rates, rising home prices and buyer uncertainty. For additional information and analysis of recent trends in our operations and financial
condition, see &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Homebuilding Products 
 We offer single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings with many different basic home designs. These home designs have a
variety of elevations and numerous other options. Our homes combine traditional, transitional, cottage or urban exterior designs with contemporary interior designs and amenities, generally include two to four bedrooms and range from approximately
800 to 7,300 square feet. During 2013, the prices at which we settled homes ranged from approximately $120,000 to $2.1 million and averaged approximately $349,100. During 2012, our average price was approximately $317,100. 
 3 

 Table of Contents 

 Markets 
 Our four reportable homebuilding segments operate in the following geographic regions: 

 Mid Atlantic: 
 
 Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware and Washington, D.C. 
 
 North East: 
 
 New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania 
 
 Mid East: 
 
 New York, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Indiana and Illinois 
 
 South East: 
 
 North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Tennessee 
 Backlog 
 Backlog totaled 4,945 units and approximately $1.8 billion at December 31, 2013 compared to backlog of 4,979 units and approximately $1.7
billion at December 31, 2012. Backlog, which represents homes sold but not yet settled with the customer, may be impacted by customer cancellations for various reasons that are beyond our control, such as the customer&#146;s failure to obtain
mortgage financing, inability to sell an existing home, job loss or a variety of other reasons. In any period, a portion of the cancellations that we experience are related to new sales that occurred during the same period, and a portion are related
to sales that occurred in prior periods and therefore appeared in the opening backlog for the current period. Expressed as the total of all cancellations during the period as a percentage of gross sales during the period, our cancellation rate was
approximately 15% in both 2013 and 2012, and 14% in 2011. During each of 2013, 2012 and 2011, approximately 6% of a quarter&#146;s opening backlog balance cancelled during the fiscal quarter. We can provide no assurance that our historical
cancellation rates are indicative of the actual cancellation rate that may occur in future periods. Other than those units that are cancelled, we expect to settle substantially all of our December 31, 2013 backlog during 2014. See &#147;Risk
Factors&#148; in Item 1A and &#147;Seasonality&#148; in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. Further discussion of settlements, new orders
and backlog activity by homebuilding reportable segment for each of the last three years can be found in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; in Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 Construction We
utilize independent subcontractors under fixed price contracts to perform construction work on our homes. We use several independent subcontractors in our various markets and we are not dependent on any single subcontractor or on a small number of
subcontractors. Sales and Marketing 
 Our preferred marketing method is for customers to visit a furnished model home featuring many built-in options and a landscaped lot. The
garages of these model homes are usually converted into temporary sales centers where alternative facades and floor plans are displayed and designs for other models are available for review. Sales representatives are compensated predominantly on a
commission basis. Regulation 
 We and our subcontractors must comply with various federal, state and local zoning, building, environmental, advertising and consumer credit
statutes, rules and regulations, as well as other regulations and requirements in connection with our construction and sales activities. All of these regulations have increased the cost to produce and market our products, and in some instances, have
delayed our developers&#146; ability to deliver finished lots to us. Counties and cities in which we build homes have at times declared moratoriums on the issuance of building permits and imposed other restrictions in the areas in which sewage
treatment facilities and other public facilities do not reach minimum standards. In addition, our homebuilding operations are regulated in certain areas by restrictive zoning and density requirements that limit the number of homes that can be built
within the boundaries of a particular area. To date, restrictive zoning laws and the imposition of moratoriums have not had a material adverse effect on our construction activities. 
 4 

 Table of Contents 

 Competition and Market Factors 
 The housing industry is highly competitive. We compete with numerous homebuilders of varying size, ranging from local to national in scope,
some of which have greater financial resources than we do. We also face competition from the home resale market. Our homebuilding operations compete primarily on the basis of price, location, design, quality, service and reputation. Historically, we
have been one of the market leaders in each of the markets where we build homes. The housing industry is cyclical and is affected by
consumer confidence levels, prevailing economic conditions and interest rates. Other factors that affect the housing industry and the demand for new homes include the availability and the cost of land, labor and materials; changes in consumer
preferences; demographic trends; and the availability of mortgage finance programs. See &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 We are dependent upon building material suppliers for a continuous flow of raw materials. Whenever possible, we utilize standard products
available from multiple sources. In the past, such raw materials have been generally available to us in adequate supply. Mortgage Banking 
 We provide a number of mortgage related services to our homebuilding customers through our mortgage banking operations. Our mortgage banking
operations also include separate subsidiaries that broker title insurance and perform title searches in connection with mortgage loan closings for which they receive commissions and fees. Because NVRM originates mortgage loans almost exclusively for
our homebuilding customers, NVRM is dependent on our homebuilding segment. In 2013, NVRM closed approximately 8,600 loans with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.5 billion as compared to approximately 8,000 loans with an aggregate
principal amount of approximately $2.2 billion in 2012. NVRM sells all of the mortgage loans it closes to investors in the secondary
markets on a servicing released basis, typically within 30 days from the loan closing. NVRM is an approved seller/servicer for Fannie Mae (&#147;FNMA&#148;) mortgage loans and an approved seller/issuer of Ginnie Mae (&#147;GNMA&#148;), Freddie Mac
(&#147;FHLMC&#148;), Department of Veterans Affairs (&#147;VA&#148;) and Federal Housing Administration (&#147;FHA&#148;) mortgage loans. 
 Regulation NVRM
is an approved seller/servicer of FNMA mortgage loans and an approved seller/issuer of GNMA, FHLMC, VA and FHA mortgage loans, and is subject to all of those agencies&#146; rules and regulations. These rules and regulations restrict certain
activities of NVRM. NVRM is currently eligible and expects to remain eligible to participate in such programs. In addition, NVRM is subject to regulation at the state and federal level, including regulations issued by the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (the &#147;CFPB&#148;) with respect to specific origination, selling and servicing practices. Competition and
Market Factors NVRM&#146;s main competition comes from national, regional, and local mortgage bankers, mortgage brokers, credit
unions and banks in each of these markets. NVRM competes primarily on the basis of customer service, variety of products offered, interest rates offered, prices of ancillary services and relative financing availability and costs. 
 Pipeline 
 NVRM&#146;s mortgage loans in process that had not closed at December 31, 2013 and 2012 had an aggregate principal balance of
approximately $1.1 billion in each year. NVRM&#146;s cancellation rate was approximately 35%, 
 5 

 Table of Contents 

36% and 29% in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We can provide no assurance that our historical loan cancellation rates are indicative of the actual loan cancellation rate that may occur in
future periods. See &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in Item 1A in this Form 10-K. Employees 
 At December 31, 2013, we employed 3,944 full-time persons. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement and we
have never experienced a work stoppage. We believe that our employee relations are good. Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&#147;SEC&#148;). These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC&#146;s website at http://www.sec.gov . All of the documents we file with the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC&#146;s public reference
room located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. 
 Our principal internet website can be found at http://www.nvrinc.com. We make available free of charge on or through our website,
access to our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed, or furnished, to the SEC. 
 Our website also includes a corporate governance section which contains our Corporate Governance Guidelines (which includes our
Directors&#146; Independence Standards), Code of Ethics, Board of Directors&#146; Committee Charters for the Audit, Compensation, Corporate Governance, Nominating and Qualified Legal Compliance Committees, Policies and Procedures for the
Consideration of Board of Director Candidates, and Policies and Procedures Regarding Communications with the NVR, Inc. Board of Directors, the Independent Lead Director and the Non-Management Directors as a Group. Additionally, amendments to and
waivers from a provision of the Code of Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions will be disclosed on our website. 
 Forward-Looking Statements Some of the
statements in this Form 10-K, as well as statements made by us in periodic press releases or other public communications, constitute &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Certain, but not necessarily all, of such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, such as &#147;believes,&#148; &#147;expects,&#148; &#147;may,&#148; &#147;will,&#148; &#147;should,&#148; or &#147;anticipates&#148; or the negative thereof or other comparable terminology. All statements other than of historical facts
are forward looking statements. Forward looking statements contained in this document include those regarding market trends, NVR&#146;s financial position, business strategy, the outcome of pending litigation, investigations or similar
contingencies, projected plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results or performance of NVR to be
materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risk factors include, but are not limited to the following: general economic and business conditions (on both a
national and regional level); interest rate changes; access to suitable financing by NVR and NVR&#146;s customers; increased regulation in the mortgage banking industry; the ability of our mortgage banking subsidiary to sell loans it originates into
the secondary market; competition; the availability and cost of land and other raw materials used by NVR in its homebuilding operations; shortages of labor; weather related slow-downs; building moratoriums; governmental regulation; fluctuation and
volatility of stock and other financial markets; mortgage financing availability; and other factors over which NVR has little or no control. NVR undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements except as required by law. 
 6 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. Our business is affected by the risks generally incident to the
residential construction business, including, but not limited to: 

 &#149; 
 
 the availability of mortgage financing; 

 &#149; 
 
 actual and expected direction of interest rates, which affect our costs, the availability of construction financing, and long-term financing for potential purchasers of homes; 

 &#149; 
 
 the availability of adequate land in desirable locations on favorable terms; 

 &#149; 
 
 unexpected changes in customer preferences; and 

 &#149; 
 
 changes in the national economy and in the local economies of the markets in which we have operations. All of
these risks are discussed in detail below. The homebuilding industry experienced a significant downturn over the past several years, which could
continue to adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Over the past several years, the homebuilding industry
experienced a significant downturn as a result of low consumer confidence driven by an economic recession, high unemployment levels, affordability issues and uncertainty as to the stability of home prices. As a result, we experienced reduced demand
for new homes. During 2012, we began to see signs of strengthening within the homebuilding industry with increasing sales and stabilization of sales prices in many markets. These favorable trends continued into 2013. However, the housing market
continues to face challenges from a tight mortgage lending environment, increasing mortgage interest rates and consumer confidence issues due to sustained high levels of unemployment. If the improvements in the homebuilding industry do not continue
or the industry suffers another downturn, our gross sales may decrease and/or we may have higher cancellation rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and
future cash flows. If the market value of our inventory or controlled lot position declines, our profit could decrease and we may incur losses.
 Inventory risk can be substantial for homebuilders. The market value of building lots and housing inventories can fluctuate
significantly as a result of changing market conditions. In addition, inventory carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses in a poorly performing project or market. We must, in the ordinary course of our business, continuously seek
and make acquisitions of lots for expansion into new markets as well as for replacement and expansion within our current markets, which is generally accomplished by us entering fixed price purchase agreements and paying forfeitable deposits under
the purchase agreement to developers for the contractual right to acquire the lots. In the event of adverse changes in economic or market conditions, we may cease further building activities in communities or restructure existing purchase
agreements, resulting in forfeiture of some or all of any remaining land contract deposit paid to the developer. Either action may result in a loss which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to
service our debt obligations and future cash flows. If the underwriting quality of our mortgage originations is found to be deficient, our profit
could decrease and we may incur losses. We originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of
their home. We sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market generally within 30 days from origination. All of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. Insofar
as we underwrite our originated loans to those standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. In the event that a substantial number of
the loans that we have originated fall into default and the investors to whom we sold 
 7 

 Table of Contents 

the loans determine that we did not underwrite the loans in accordance with their requirements, we could be required to repurchase the loans from the investor or indemnify the investor for any
losses incurred. This may result in losses which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 
 We may be subject to claims on mortgage loans sold to third parties. 
 Our mortgage banking operations may be responsible for losses associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to investors in the event of
errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and
the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. The resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations and could exceed existing estimates and accruals. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating these matters, there can be no assurance that any amounts reserved will be adequate or that any
potential inadequacies will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Because almost all of our customers require mortgage financing,
the availability of suitable mortgage financing could impair the affordability of our homes, lower demand for our products, and limit our ability to fully deliver our backlog. 
 Our business and earnings depend on the ability of our potential customers to obtain mortgages for the purchase of our homes. In addition,
many of our potential customers must sell their existing homes in order to buy a home from us. The tightening of credit standards and the availability of suitable mortgage financing could prevent customers from buying our homes and could prevent
buyers of our customers&#146; homes from obtaining mortgages they need to complete that purchase, both of which could result in our potential customers&#146; inability to buy a home from us. If our potential customers or the buyers of our
customers&#146; current homes are not able to obtain suitable financing, the result could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 
 If our ability to sell mortgages to investors is impaired, we may be required to fund these commitments ourselves, or may not be able to originate loans at
all. Our mortgage banking business sells all of the loans it originates into the secondary market usually within 30 days from the
date of closing, and has up to approximately $25 million available in a repurchase agreement to fund mortgage closings. In the event that disruptions to the secondary markets tighten or eliminate the available liquidity within the secondary markets
for mortgage loans, or the underwriting requirements by our secondary market investors continue to become more stringent, our ability to sell future mortgages could decline and we could be required, among other things, to fund our commitments to our
buyers with our own financial resources, which is limited, or require our home buyers to find another source of financing. The result of such secondary market disruption could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock
performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. Interest rate movements, inflation and other economic factors can
negatively impact our business. High rates of inflation generally affect the homebuilding industry adversely because of their adverse
impact on interest rates. High interest rates not only increase the cost of borrowed funds to homebuilders but also have a significant effect on housing demand and on the affordability of permanent mortgage financing to prospective purchasers. We
are also subject to potential volatility in the price of commodities that impact costs of materials used in our homebuilding business. Increases in prevailing interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock
performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 
 8 

 Table of Contents 

 Our financial results also are affected by the risks generally incident to our mortgage banking
business, including interest rate levels, the impact of government regulation on mortgage loan originations and servicing and the need to issue forward commitments to fund and sell mortgage loans. Our homebuilding customers account for almost all of
our mortgage banking business. The volume of our continuing homebuilding operations therefore affects our mortgage banking business. Our
mortgage banking business also is affected by interest rate fluctuations. We also may experience marketing losses resulting from daily increases in interest rates to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have
committed to originate with forward commitments from third parties to purchase such loans. Increases in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our mortgage banking revenue, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt
obligations and future cash flows. Our operations may also be adversely affected by other economic factors within our markets such as
negative changes in employment levels, job growth, and consumer confidence and availability of mortgage financing, one or all of which could result in reduced demand or price depression from current levels. Such negative trends could have a material
adverse effect on homebuilding operations. These factors and thus, the homebuilding business, have at times in the past been cyclical in
nature. Any downturn in the national economy or the local economies of the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance and ability to service our debt obligations. In particular,
during 2013, approximately 25% and 12% of our home settlements occurred in the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, MD metropolitan areas, respectively, which accounted for approximately 31% and 15%, respectively, of our 2013 homebuilding revenues. Thus,
we are dependent to a significant extent on the economy and demand for housing in those areas. Our inability to secure and control an adequate
inventory of lots could adversely impact our operations. The results of our homebuilding operations are dependent upon our continuing
ability to control an adequate number of homebuilding lots in desirable locations. There can be no assurance that an adequate supply of building lots will continue to be available to us on terms similar to those available in the past, or that we
will not be required to devote a greater amount of capital to controlling building lots than we have historically. An insufficient supply of building lots in one or more of our markets, an inability of our developers to deliver finished lots in a
timely fashion due to their inability to secure financing to fund development activities or for other reasons, or our inability to purchase or finance building lots on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our sales,
profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. Volatility in the credit and capital markets may
impact our ability to access necessary financing. If we require working capital greater than that provided by our operations, we may
be required to obtain alternative financing. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. If we are required to seek financing to fund our working capital requirements, volatility
in those markets may restrict our flexibility to access financing. If we are at any time unsuccessful in obtaining sufficient capital to fund our planned homebuilding expenditures, we may experience a substantial delay in the completion of homes
then under construction, or we may be unable to control or purchase finished building lots. Any delay could result in cost increases and could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt
obligations and future cash flows. Our mortgage banking operations are dependent in part on the availability, cost and other terms of
mortgage financing facilities, and may be adversely affected by any shortage or increased cost of such financing. No assurance can be given that any additional or replacement financing will be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable. Our
mortgage banking operations are also dependent upon the securitization market for mortgage-backed securities, and could be materially adversely affected by any fluctuation or downturn in such market. 
 9 

 Table of Contents 

 Our current indebtedness may impact our future operations. 
 Our existing indebtedness contains restrictive covenants and any future indebtedness may also contain covenants. These covenants include, or
could include, restrictions on our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets. Substantial losses by us or other action or
inaction by us or our subsidiaries could result in the violation of one or more of these covenants, which could result in decreased liquidity or a default on our current or future indebtedness, thereby having a material adverse effect on our sales,
profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. Government regulations and environmental matters
could negatively affect our operations. We are subject to various local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and
regulations concerning zoning, building design, construction and similar matters, including local regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can eventually be built within the
boundaries of a particular area. These regulations may further increase the cost to produce and market our products. In addition, we have from time to time been subject to, and may also be subject in the future to, periodic delays in our
homebuilding projects due to building moratoriums in the areas in which we operate or delays in receiving the necessary governmental approvals. Changes in regulations that restrict homebuilding activities in one or more of our principal markets
could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 
 In addition, new housing developments are often subject to various assessments or impact fees for schools, parks, streets, highways and other
public improvements. The cost of these assessments is subject to substantial change and can cause increases in the construction cost of our homes, which, in turn, could reduce our profitability. 
 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the protection of health
and the environment. We are subject to a variety of environmental conditions that can affect our business and our homebuilding projects. The particular environmental laws that apply to any given homebuilding site vary greatly according to the
location and environmental condition of the site and the present and former uses of the site and adjoining properties. Environmental laws and conditions may result in delays, cause us to incur substantial compliance and other costs, or prohibit or
severely restrict homebuilding activity in certain environmentally sensitive regions or areas, thereby adversely affecting our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 
 In addition, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, contains numerous provisions
affecting residential mortgages and mortgage lending practices. The CFPB issued rules governing multiple issues in January 2013, including &#147;Ability to Repay&#148; underwriting provisions, definition and parameters of &#147;Qualified
Mortgages&#148; and the establishment of certain protections from liability under &#147;Ability to Repay&#148; provisions for &#147;Qualified Mortgages&#148;. The CFPB&#146;s rulemaking also included limitations on certain fees and loan officer
compensation requirements. These rules were effective January 2014. The tighter underwriting requirements and fee restrictions under these standards may negatively impact our mortgage loan origination business. 
 We are an approved seller/servicer of FNMA mortgage loans and an approved seller/issuer of GNMA, FHLMC, VA and FHA mortgage loans, and are
subject to all of those agencies&#146; rules and regulations. Any significant impairment of our eligibility to sell/service these loans could have a material adverse impact on our mortgage operations. In addition, we are subject to regulation at the
state and federal level with respect to specific origination, selling and servicing practices including the Real Estate Settlement and Protection Act. Adverse changes in governmental regulation may have a negative impact on our mortgage loan
origination business. 
 10 

 Table of Contents 

 Increased regulation of the mortgage industry could harm our future sales and earnings. 
 The mortgage industry remains under intense scrutiny and continues to face increasing regulation at the federal, state and local level.
Potential changes to federal laws and regulations could have the effect of limiting the activities of FNMA and FHLMC, the entities that provide liquidity to the secondary mortgage market, which could lead to increases in mortgage interest rates. At
the same time, recent and proposed changes to the FHA&#146;s rules to require increased borrower credit scores, increased down payment amounts, and limiting the amount of permitted seller concessions, lessen the number of buyers able to finance a
new home. All of these regulatory activities reduce the number of potential buyers who qualify for the financing necessary to purchase our homes, which could harm our future sales and earnings. 
 We face competition in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations. 
 The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete with numerous homebuilders of varying size, ranging from local to national in
scope, some of whom have greater financial resources than we do. We face competition: 

 &#149; 
 
 for suitable and desirable lots at acceptable prices; 

 &#149; 
 
 from selling incentives offered by competing builders within and across developments; and 

 &#149; 
 
 from the existing home resale market. Our homebuilding operations compete primarily on the
basis of price, location, design, quality, service and reputation. The mortgage banking industry is also competitive. Our main
competition comes from national, regional and local mortgage bankers, credit unions, banks and mortgage brokers in each of these markets. Our mortgage banking operations compete primarily on the basis of customer service, variety of products
offered, interest rates offered, prices of ancillary services and relative financing availability and costs. There can be no assurance
that we will continue to compete successfully in our homebuilding or mortgage banking operations. An inability to effectively compete may have an adverse impact on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations
and future cash flows. A shortage of building materials or labor, or increases in materials or labor costs may adversely impact our operations.
 The homebuilding business has from time to time experienced building material and labor shortages, including shortages in insulation,
drywall, certain carpentry work and concrete, as well as fluctuating lumber prices and supply. In addition, strong construction market conditions could restrict the labor force available to our subcontractors and us in one or more of our markets.
Significant increases in costs resulting from these shortages, or delays in construction of homes, could have a material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows.
 We rely on subcontractors to construct our homes. The failure of our subcontractors to properly construct our homes may be costly. 
 We engage subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes. Despite our quality control efforts, we may discover that our
subcontractors were engaging in improper construction practices. The occurrence of such events could require us to repair the homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law. The cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these
instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors, suppliers and insurers. 
 11 

 Table of Contents 

 Product liability litigation and warranty claims may adversely impact our operations. 
 Construction defect and home warranty claims are common and can represent a substantial risk for the homebuilding industry. The cost of
insuring against construction defect and product liability related claims, as well as the claims themselves, can be high. In addition, insurance companies limit coverage offered to protect against these claims. Further restrictions on coverage
availability, or significant increases in premium costs or claims, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We are subject to
litigation proceedings that could harm our business if an unfavorable ruling were to occur. From time to time, we may become involved
in litigation and other legal proceedings relating to claims arising from our operations in the normal course of business. As described in, but not limited to, Part I, Item 3, &#147;Legal Proceedings&#148; of this
 Form 10-K, we are currently subject to certain legal proceedings. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings may occur. We cannot assure you that these or other litigation or
legal proceedings will not materially affect our ability to conduct our business in the manner that we expect or otherwise adversely affect us should an unfavorable ruling occur. 
 Our failure to maintain the security of our electronic and other confidential information could expose us to liability and materially adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Privacy, security, and compliance concerns have continued to increase as technology
has evolved. As part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain confidential information, including personal information of homebuyers/borrowers and information about employees, vendors and suppliers. This information is
entitled to protection under a number of federal and state laws. We may share some of this information with vendors who assist us with certain aspects of our business, particularly our mortgage and title businesses. Our failure to maintain the
security of the data which we are required to protect, including via the penetration of our network security and the misappropriation of confidential and personal information, could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial
obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also in deterioration in customers&#146; confidence in us and other competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a
material adverse effect on our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. Weather-related
and other events beyond our control may adversely impact our operations. Extreme weather or other events, such as significant
snowfalls, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, forest fires, floods, terrorist attacks or war may affect our markets, our operations and our profitability. These events may impact our physical facilities or those of our suppliers or subcontractors,
causing us material increases in costs, or delays in construction of homes, which could have a material adverse effect upon our sales, profitability, stock performance, ability to service our debt obligations and future cash flows. 

 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 

 Item 2. 
 Properties. Our corporate offices are located in Reston, Virginia, where we
currently lease approximately 61,000 square feet of office space. The current corporate office lease expires in April 2026. In connection
with the operation of the homebuilding segment, we lease production facilities in the following six locations: Thurmont, Maryland; Burlington County, New Jersey; Farmington, New York; Kings Mountain, North Carolina; Darlington, Pennsylvania; and
Portland, Tennessee. These facilities range in size from approximately 40,000 square feet to 400,000 square feet and total approximately 1 million square feet. 
 12 

 Table of Contents 

Each of these leases contains various options for extensions of the lease and for the purchase of the facility. The Portland lease expires in 2014, the Thurmont and Farmington leases expire in
2019, the Kings Mountain lease expires in 2022, the Burlington County lease expires in 2023 and the Darlington lease expires in 2025. In addition, we own a production facility with approximately 100,000 square feet in Dayton, Ohio. Our current plant
utilization has increased to 35% of total capacity in 2013, compared to 31% of total capacity in 2012. In connection with both our
homebuilding and mortgage banking businesses, we also lease office space in multiple locations for homebuilding divisional offices and mortgage banking and title services branches under leases expiring at various times through 2023, none of which
are individually material to our business. We anticipate that, upon expiration of existing leases, we will be able to renew them or obtain comparable facilities on terms acceptable to us. 

 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. On July 18, 2007, former and current employees filed
lawsuits against us in the Court of Common Pleas in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania and Hamilton County, Ohio, in Superior Court in Durham County, North Carolina, and in the Circuit Court in Montgomery County, Maryland, and on July 19, 2007 in
the Superior Court in New Jersey, alleging that we incorrectly classified our sales and marketing representatives as being exempt from overtime wages. These lawsuits are similar in nature to another lawsuit filed on October 29, 2004 by another
former employee in the United States District Court for the Western District of New York captioned Tracy v. NVR, Inc. The lawsuits filed in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey and North Carolina have been stayed pending further developments in
the Tracy action. The complaints described above seek injunctive relief, an award of unpaid wages, including fringe benefits, liquidated
damages equal to the overtime wages allegedly due and not paid, attorney and other fees and interest, and where available, multiple damages. While the suits were filed as purported class actions, none of them have been certified as such. On
April 29, 2013, the Western District of New York ruled that the claims asserted in the Tracy case were not appropriate for class action treatment and dismissed a number of individuals who had filed consents to join that action from the case.
The trial on the remaining individual plaintiff&#146;s claims was held in October 2013. On October 23, 2013, the jury in that trial ruled in our favor that the plaintiff was an exempt outside salesman. 
 On May 29, 2013, attorneys representing the individuals dismissed from the Tracy action filed another lawsuit on behalf of those
individuals in the New York Supreme Court for Monroe County captioned Anderson v. NVR, Inc. We removed the Anderson action to the Western District of New York on June 18, 2013. Plaintiffs subsequently filed a motion to stay the Anderson action
pending final disposition of the Tracy action, which we opposed. We also filed a motion to sever the multitude of individuals participating in the Anderson action, leaving each plaintiff to pursue his or her claim individually to the extent that
they chose to do so. We believe that our compensation practices in regard to sales and marketing representatives are entirely lawful and
in compliance with two letter rulings from the United States Department of Labor (&#147;DOL&#148;) issued in January 2007. Courts that have considered similar claims against other homebuilders have acknowledged the DOL&#146;s position that sales and
marketing representatives were properly classified as exempt from overtime wages and the only court to have directly addressed the exempt status of such employees concluded that the DOL&#146;s position was valid. In addition, the jury verdict in the
Tracy v. NVR, Inc. matter in October 2013 upheld our classification of the position. Accordingly, we have vigorously defended and intend to continue to vigorously defend these lawsuits. In light of the points noted above, we have not recorded any
associated liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in conjunction with the Anderson v. NVR, Inc. case or any other legal challenges to the exempt status of our sales and marketing representatives. 
 In June 2010, we received a Request for Information from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) pursuant to
Section 308 of the Clean Water Act. The request sought information about storm water discharge practices in connection with homebuilding projects completed or underway by us in New York and New Jersey. We cooperated with this request, and
provided information to the EPA. We were subsequently 
 13 

 Table of Contents 

informed by the United States Department of Justice (&#147;DOJ&#148;) that the EPA forwarded the information on the matter to the DOJ, and the DOJ requested that we meet with the government
to discuss the status of the case. Meetings took place in January 2012 and August 2012 with representatives from both the EPA and DOJ. It is not yet known what next steps, if any, the DOJ will take in the matter. We intend to continue
cooperating with any future EPA and/or DOJ inquiries. At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of this inquiry, nor can we reasonably estimate the potential costs that may be associated with its eventual resolution. 
 We are also involved in various other litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, and based on advice
of legal counsel, this litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Legal costs incurred in connection with outstanding litigation are expensed as incurred. 

 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 

 Paul C. Saville 
 
 58 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of NVR 
 
 Daniel D. Malzahn 
 
 44 
 
 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NVR 
 
 Robert W. Henley 
 
 47 
 
 President of NVRM 
 
 Eugene J. Bredow 
 
 44 
 
 Vice President and Controller of NVR 
 Paul C. Saville was named President and Chief Executive Officer of NVR effective July 1, 2005.
Prior to July 1, 2005, Mr. Saville had served as Senior Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NVR since September 30, 1993 and Executive Vice President from January 1, 2002 through June 30, 2005.
 Daniel D. Malzahn was named Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NVR effective February 20, 2013. Prior to
February 20, 2013, Mr. Malzahn was Vice President of Planning and Investor Relations of NVR since February 1, 2004. From January 2000 to January 31, 2004, Mr. Malzahn was Manager of Business Planning of NVR. 
 Robert W. Henley was named President of NVRM effective October 1, 2012. Mr. Henley had been serving as interim acting
President of NVRM since June 1, 2012. Prior to June 1, 2012, Mr. Henley served as Vice President and Controller of NVR since July 1, 2005. From May 2000 to June 30, 2005, Mr. Henley was Assistant Controller of NVR. 
 Eugene J. Bredow was named Vice President and Controller of NVR effective June 1, 2012. Prior to June 1, 2012, Mr. Bredow
was the Vice President of Internal Audit and Corporate Governance of NVR since January 2008 and Director of Internal Audit and Corporate Governance from August 2004 to January 2008. 
 14 

 Table of Contents 

 PART II 

 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our shares of common stock are listed and principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol &#147;NVR.&#148; The
following table sets forth the high and low prices per share for our common stock for each fiscal quarter during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012: 

 HIGH 

 LOW 

 Prices per Share: 

 2013 

 Fourth Quarter 
 
 $ 
 1,042.55 

 $ 
 883.96 

 Third Quarter 
 
 $ 
 967.00 

 $ 
 830.00 

 Second Quarter 
 
 $ 
 1,084.00 

 $ 
 885.43 

 First Quarter 
 
 $ 
 1,100.00 

 $ 
 920.00 

 2012 

 Fourth Quarter 
 
 $ 
 966.93 

 $ 
 830.00 

 Third Quarter 
 
 $ 
 879.99 

 $ 
 721.56 

 Second Quarter 
 
 $ 
 855.00 

 $ 
 711.75 

 First Quarter 
 
 $ 
 759.13 

 $ 
 667.98 
 
 As of the close of business on February 17, 2014, there were 311 shareholders of record. 
 We have never paid a cash dividend on our shares of common stock and have no current intention to do so in the future. 
 We had two repurchase authorizations outstanding during the quarter ended December 31, 2013. On July 30, 2013 and December 17,
2013, we publicly announced the Board of Directors&#146; approval for us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $300 million per authorization, of our common stock in one or more open market and/or privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase
authorizations do not have expiration dates. The following table provides information regarding common stock repurchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2013: 

 Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

 Average Price Paid per Share 

 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans
or Programs 

 October 1 - 31, 2013 

 11,258 

 $ 
 922.22 

 11,258 

 $ 
 246,425,479 

 November 1 - 30, 2013 

 72,870 

 $ 
 928.33 

 72,870 

 $ 
 178,777,829 

 December 1 - 31, 2013 

 42,477 

 $ 
 957.04 

 42,477 

 $ 
 438,125,597 

 Total 

 126,605 

 $ 
 937.42 

 126,605 

 15 

 Table of Contents 

 S TOCK P ERFORMANCE G RAPH 
 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL EQUITYHOLDER RETURN ON EQUITY 
 The following chart graphs our performance in the form of cumulative total return to holders of our Common Stock since December 31, 2008
in comparison to the Dow/Home Construction Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Index for that same period, assuming that $100 was invested in NVR stock and the indices on December 31, 2008. 

 16 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 The following tables set forth selected consolidated financial data. The selected income statement and balance sheet data have been derived
from our consolidated financial statements for each of the periods presented and is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations. The selected financial data should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the
accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein. 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Consolidated Income Statement Data: 

 Homebuilding data: 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 4,134,481 

 $ 
 3,121,244 

 $ 
 2,611,195 

 $ 
 2,980,758 

 $ 
 2,683,467 

 Gross profit 

 710,277 

 545,605 

 445,570 

 542,466 

 497,734 

 Mortgage Banking data: 

 Mortgage banking fees 

 76,786 

 63,406 

 47,954 

 61,134 

 60,381 

 Interest income 

 4,983 

 4,504 

 5,702 

 5,411 

 2,979 

 Interest expense 

 545 

 546 

 875 

 1,126 

 1,184 

 Consolidated data: 

 Income from continuing operations 
 
 $ 
 266,477 

 $ 
 180,588 

 $ 
 129,420 

 $ 
 206,005 

 $ 
 192,180 

 Income from continuing operations per diluted share (1) 
 
 $ 
 54.81 

 $ 
 35.12 

 $ 
 23.01 

 $ 
 33.42 

 $ 
 31.26 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 2010 

 2009 

 Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: 

 Homebuilding inventory 
 
 $ 
 738,565 

 $ 
 678,131 

 $ 
 533,150 

 $ 
 431,329 

 $ 
 418,718 

 Contract land deposits, net 

 236,885 

 191,538 

 131,930 

 100,786 

 49,906 

 Total assets 

 2,486,148 

 2,604,842 

 1,779,485 

 2,260,061 

 2,395,770 

 Notes and loans payable (2) 

 599,190 

 599,745 

 1,613 

 92,089 

 147,880 

 Shareholders&#146; equity 

 1,261,352 

 1,480,477 

 1,374,799 

 1,740,374 

 1,757,262 

 Cash dividends per share 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (1) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010, and 2009, income from continuing operations per diluted share was computed based on 4,861,702; 5,141,529; 5,623,817; 6,164,617 and 6,148,769 shares,
respectively, which represents the weighted average number of shares and share equivalents outstanding for each year. 

 (2) 
 Balance does not include non-recourse debt related to the consolidated variable interest entity. 

 Item 7. 
 Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 
 Overview Business
 Our primary business is the construction and sale of single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings, all of
which are primarily constructed on a pre-sold basis. To fully serve customers of our homebuilding operations, we also operate a mortgage banking and title services business. We primarily conduct our operations in mature markets. Additionally, we
generally grow our business through market share gains in our existing markets and by expanding into markets contiguous to our current active markets. Our four homebuilding reportable segments consist of the following regions: 

 Mid Atlantic: 
 
 Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware and Washington, D.C. 
 
 North East: 
 
 New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania 
 
 Mid East: 
 
 New York, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Indiana and Illinois 
 
 South East: 
 
 North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Florida 
 
 17 

 Table of Contents 

 Our lot acquisition strategy is predicated upon avoiding the financial requirements and risks
associated with direct land ownership and development. Historically, we generally have not engaged in land development to obtain finished lots for use in our homebuilding operations. Instead, we have acquired finished lots at market prices from
various third party land developers pursuant to fixed price purchase agreements. These purchase agreements require deposits, typically ranging up to 10% of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots, in the form of cash or letters of credit
that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the purchase agreement. This strategy has allowed us to maximize inventory turnover, which we believe enables us to minimize market risk and to operate with less capital, thereby enhancing rates of
return on equity and total capital. Our continued success is contingent upon our ability to control an adequate supply of finished lots
on which to build and on our developers&#146; ability to deliver finished lots to meet the sales demands of our customers. However, during the past several years, the impact of economic conditions on the homebuilding industry has negatively impacted
our developers&#146; ability to obtain acquisition and development financing and to raise equity investments to finance land development activity. As a result of the changing environment, in certain specific strategic circumstances we deviate from
our historical lot acquisition strategy and engage in joint venture arrangements with land developers or directly acquire raw ground already zoned for its intended use for development. Once we acquire control of any raw ground, we determine whether
to sell the raw parcel to a developer and enter into a fixed price purchase agreement with the developer to purchase the finished lots, or whether we will hire a developer to develop the land on our behalf. While joint venture arrangements and
direct land development activity are not our preferred method of acquiring finished building lots, we may enter into additional transactions in the future on a limited basis where there exists a compelling strategic or prudent financial reason to do
so. We expect, however, to continue to acquire substantially all of our finished lot inventory using fixed price purchase agreements with forfeitable deposits. 
 As of December 31, 2013, we controlled approximately 58,100 lots under purchase agreements with deposits in cash and letters of credit
totaling approximately $296,600 and $2,500, respectively. In addition, we controlled approximately 6,000 lots through joint venture limited liability corporations with an aggregate investment of approximately $92,700. Further, as of
December 31, 2013, we had approximately $41,300 in land under development, that once fully developed will result in approximately 650 lots for use in our homebuilding operations. Of the total finished lots expected to be developed, 125 lots are
under contract to be sold to an unrelated party under lot purchase agreements. Included in the number of controlled lots are approximately 9,200 lots for which we have recorded a contract land deposit impairment reserve of approximately $59,800 as
of December 31, 2013. See Notes 3, 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information regarding fixed price purchase agreements, joint ventures and land under development, respectively. 
 In addition to constructing homes primarily on a pre-sold basis and utilizing what we believe is a conservative lot acquisition strategy, we
focus on obtaining and maintaining a leading market position in each market we serve. This strategy allows us to gain valuable efficiencies and competitive advantages in our markets, which we believe contributes to minimizing the adverse effects of
regional economic cycles and provides growth opportunities within these markets. Current Business Environment and Key Financial
Results During 2013, sales trends in the first six months were stronger than the last six months of the year. During the first
half of 2013, the homebuilding market continued to experience the favorable sales and pricing trends which began in 2012, driven by historically low mortgage interest rates and rising costs in the rental market which contributed to higher levels of
housing affordability. Sales trends in the second half of 2013 were negatively impacted by increasing mortgage interest rates, higher home prices and buyer uncertainty. The housing market also continues to face challenges from tight mortgage
underwriting standards. While we have benefited from generally improved market conditions, we continue to face gross margin pressure due to increasing land and construction costs. 
 18 

 Table of Contents 

 Our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013 totaled $4,211,267, an
increase of 32% from $3,184,650 in 2012. Net income for 2013 increased 48% from the prior year to $266,477. Diluted earnings per share in 2013 was $54.81, an increase of 56% from the prior year. New Orders for 2013 increased 8% from the prior year
while our average new order sales price of $360.4 in 2013 was 10% higher than the prior year. We believe that the continuation of the
housing market recovery which began in 2012 is dependent upon a sustained overall economic recovery, driven by continued improvement in unemployment and consumer confidence levels. Due to the strength of our balance sheet, we believe that we are
well positioned to take advantage of opportunities that may arise from future economic and homebuilding market volatility. Homebuilding Operations
 The following table summarizes the results of our consolidated homebuilding operations and certain operating activity for each of
the last three years: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 4,134,481 

 $ 
 3,121,244 

 $ 
 2,611,195 

 Cost of sales 
 
 $ 
 3,424,204 

 $ 
 2,575,639 

 $ 
 2,165,625 

 Gross profit margin percentage 

 17.2 
 % 

 17.5 
 % 

 17.1 
 % 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 $ 
 313,029 

 $ 
 301,184 

 $ 
 264,266 

 Settlements (units) 

 11,834 

 9,843 

 8,487 

 Average settlement price 
 
 $ 
 349.1 

 $ 
 317.1 

 $ 
 307.5 

 New orders (units) 

 11,800 

 10,954 

 9,247 

 Average new order price 
 
 $ 
 360.4 

 $ 
 328.8 

 $ 
 304.1 

 Backlog (units) 

 4,945 

 4,979 

 3,676 

 Average backlog price 
 
 $ 
 373.2 

 $ 
 346.2 

 $ 
 315.8 

 New order cancellation rate 

 14.9 
 % 

 14.5 
 % 

 13.6 
 % 
 Consolidated Homebuilding Revenues 
 Homebuilding revenues for 2013 increased 32% from 2012, as a result of a 20% increase in the number of homes settled and a 10% increase in the
average settlement price year over year. The increase in the number of homes settled was primarily attributable to a 35% higher beginning backlog unit balance entering 2013 as compared to 2012, offset partially by a lower backlog turnover rate in
2013 compared to 2012. Average settlement prices in the current year were favorably impacted primarily by a 10% higher average price of homes in backlog entering 2013 compared to the average price of homes in backlog entering 2012 and a 10% higher
average sales price of New Orders for the first six months of 2013 compared to 2012. The higher beginning backlog balance and average sales prices were driven by the favorable market conditions discussed in the Overview section above. 
 Homebuilding revenues for 2012 increased 20% from 2011, as a result of a 16% increase in the number of homes settled and a 3% increase in the
average settlement price year over year. The increase in the number of homes settled was attributable to an 18% increase in New Orders during the first half of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011, coupled with a 26% higher beginning backlog
unit balance entering 2012 as compared to 2011. These increases were offset partially by a lower backlog turnover rate in 2012 compared to 2011. Average settlement prices in 2012 were favorably impacted by a 7% higher average sales price of New
Orders during the first six months of 2012 as compared to the same period in 2011, offset partially by a 4% lower average price of homes in backlog entering 2012 compared to the average price of homes in backlog entering 2011. 
 19 

 Table of Contents 

 Consolidated Homebuilding New Orders 
 New Orders and the average sales price of New Orders in 2013 increased 8% and 10%, respectively, when compared to 2012. New Orders and the
average sales price were higher year over year in each of our market segments. The increase in New Orders was driven by a 12% increase in the number of active communities year over year, offset partially by a lower absorption rate in 2013. In
addition, our December 2012 acquisition of Heartland Homes added 355 New Orders in 2013. The increase in active communities and pricing in 2013 was attributable to the favorable market conditions through the first half of 2013 as discussed in the
 Overview section above. New Orders and the average sales price of New Orders in 2012 increased 18% and 8%, respectively, when
compared to 2011. New Orders and the average sales price were higher year over year in each of our market segments. The increase in New Orders was driven by a 5% increase in the number of active communities year over year and by improved absorption
rates in many of our markets. The increase in New Orders as well as in the average New Order sales price was attributable to improved market conditions in 2012. 
 Consolidated Homebuilding Gross Profit 
 Gross profit margins in 2013 decreased to 17.2% from 17.5% in 2012. Gross profit margins were negatively impacted in 2013 by two warranty
accrual charges. The first charge of approximately $15,600 was recognized in the second quarter of 2013 related to remediation of primarily water infiltration issues in a single completed community. The water infiltration issues were the result
of a design issue with several products developed for and built exclusively in that one community. The second charge of approximately $16,000 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 to increase the warranty accrual for a non-recurring
service issue unrelated to the second quarter service issue. Excluding these charges, gross profit margin was 17.9%, an increase of 46 basis points from the prior year. Gross profit margin was favorably impacted by higher settlement volume in the
current year allowing us to better leverage our operating costs, partially offset by higher construction costs, including lumber and certain other commodity costs, year over year. We expect to continue to experience gross profit margin pressure over
the next several quarters due to cost and pricing pressures. Gross profit margins in 2012 increased to 17.5% from 17.1% in 2011. Margins
were favorably impacted in 2012 by a $2,000 recovery of contract land deposits previously determined to be uncollectible compared to an $11,200 contract land deposit impairment charge in 2011. In addition, increased settlement volume and higher
average settlement prices in 2012 allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs. However, this favorable impact was offset by higher construction, lumber and certain other commodity costs year over year. 
 Consolidated Homebuilding Selling, General and Administrative (&#147;SG&A&#148;) 
 SG&A expenses in 2013 increased approximately $11,800, or 4%, compared to 2012, but as a percentage of revenue decreased to 7.6% in 2013
from 9.7% in 2012. The increase in SG&A expense was attributable to increases of approximately $20,300 in personnel costs in 2013 due to an increase in headcount year over year. In addition, sales and marketing costs were approximately $14,400
higher in 2013 due to the increase in the number of active communities. These cost increases were partially offset by an approximate $28,700 reduction in equity-based compensation in 2013 compared to 2012. Equity-based compensation was favorably
impacted as a result of the restricted share units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) issued in 2010 becoming fully vested as of December 31, 2012 and the reversal of approximately $7,100 in equity-based compensation expense previously recorded to SG&A
expense as we adjusted our stock option forfeiture rates based on our actual forfeiture experience. These reductions were offset partially by equity-based compensation expense incurred in 2013 related to RSUs issued in May 2013. The decrease in
SG&A costs as a percentage of revenue was driven by the 32% increase in revenue in 2013, allowing us to better leverage our overhead costs. 
 SG&A expenses in 2012 increased approximately $36,900, or 14%, compared to 2011, but as a percentage of revenue decreased to 9.7% in 2012
from 10.1% in the prior year. The increase in SG&A expense was attributable to an increase of approximately $19,700 in management incentive costs driven by improved 
 20 

 Table of Contents 

financial results in 2012. In addition, personnel costs and sales and marketing costs were approximately $9,400 and $6,400 higher, respectively, in 2012 due primarily to the 5% increase in the
number of active communities compared to 2011. SG&A expenses decreased as a percentage of revenue due to the 20% increase in revenues in 2012 compared to 2011. 
 Consolidated Homebuilding Backlog 
 Backlog units decreased approximately 1% to 4,945 as of December 31, 2013 compared to 4,979 as of December 31, 2012, while backlog
dollars increased approximately 7% to $1,845,600 from $1,723,914 as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. Backlog dollars were higher primarily due to a 10% increase in the average price of New Orders for the six-month
period ended December 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. Backlog, which represents homes sold but not yet settled with
the customer, may be impacted by customer cancellations for various reasons that are beyond our control, such as failure to obtain mortgage financing, inability to sell an existing home, job loss, or a variety of other reasons. In any period, a
portion of the cancellations that we experience are related to new sales that occurred during the same period, and a portion are related to sales that occurred in prior periods and therefore appeared in the opening backlog for the current period.
Expressed as the total of all cancellations during the period as a percentage of gross sales during the period, our cancellation rate was approximately 15% in both 2013 and 2012, and 14% in 2011. During each of 2013, 2012 and 2011, approximately 6%
of a reporting quarter&#146;s opening backlog cancelled during the fiscal quarter. We can provide no assurance that our historical cancellation rates are indicative of the actual cancellation rate that may occur in future periods. Other than those
units that are cancelled, we expect to settle substantially all of our December 31, 2013 backlog during 2014. See &#147;Risk Factors&#148; in Item 1A of this report. 
 The backlog turnover rate is impacted by various factors, including, but not limited to, changes in New Order activity, internal production
capacity, external subcontractor capacity and other external factors over which we do not exercise control. Backlog units and dollars
increased approximately 35% to 4,979 and 49% to $1,723,914, respectively, as of December 31, 2012, compared to 3,676 and $1,160,879 as of December 31, 2011. The increase in backlog units was primarily attributable to New Orders being
approximately 800 units higher for the six month period ended December 31, 2012 compared to the same period in 2011, coupled with a slower backlog turnover rate in 2012. In addition, our December 31, 2012 acquisition of Heartland Homes
added approximately 200 units and $81,600 to the 2012 year-end backlog. The increase in backlog dollars is attributable to the increase in units and to a 9% higher average sales price for New Orders for the six month period ended December 31,
2012. 
 21 

 Table of Contents 

 Reportable Homebuilding Segments 
 Homebuilding profit before tax includes all revenues and income generated from the sale of homes, less the cost of homes sold, SG&A
expenses, and a corporate capital allocation charge. The corporate capital allocation charge eliminates in consolidation, is based on the segment&#146;s average net assets employed, and is charged using a consistent methodology in the years
presented. The corporate capital allocation charged to the operating segment allows the Chief Operating Decision Maker to determine whether the operating segment&#146;s results are providing the desired rate of return after covering our cost of
capital. We record charges on contract land deposits when we determine that it is probable that recovery of the deposit is impaired. For segment reporting purposes, impairments on contract land deposits are generally charged to the operating segment
upon the determination to terminate a finished lot purchase agreement with the developer or to restructure a lot purchase agreement resulting in the forfeiture of the deposit. We evaluate our entire net contract land deposit portfolio for impairment
each quarter. For additional information regarding our contract land deposit impairment analysis, see the Critical Accounting Policies section within this Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
For presentation purposes below, the contract land deposit reserve at December 31, 2013 and 2012 has been allocated to the reportable segments to show contract land deposits on a net basis. The net contract land deposit balances below also
includes approximately $2,500 and $3,300 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, of letters of credit issued as deposits in lieu of cash. The following tables summarize certain homebuilding operating activity by reportable segment for each
of the last three years: Selected Segment Financial Data: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Revenues: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 2,439,387 

 $ 
 1,877,905 

 $ 
 1,582,826 

 North East 

 332,681 

 278,715 

 221,146 

 Mid East 

 908,198 

 630,367 

 549,384 

 South East 

 454,215 

 334,257 

 257,839 

 Gross profit margin: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 461,481 

 $ 
 345,009 

 $ 
 286,266 

 North East 

 45,860 

 48,329 

 37,220 

 Mid East 

 142,331 

 103,128 

 85,385 

 South East 

 77,277 

 55,788 

 42,116 

 Segment profit: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 276,399 

 $ 
 189,089 

 $ 
 148,373 

 North East 

 14,294 

 21,529 

 13,463 

 Mid East 

 55,537 

 39,847 

 27,194 

 South East 

 35,001 

 20,674 

 14,162 

 Gross profit margin percentage: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 18.9 
 % 

 18.4 
 % 

 18.1 
 % 
 
 North East 

 13.8 
 % 

 17.3 
 % 

 16.8 
 % 
 
 Mid East 

 15.7 
 % 

 16.4 
 % 

 15.5 
 % 
 
 South East 

 17.0 
 % 

 16.7 
 % 

 16.3 
 % 
 Segment Operating Activity: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Average 

 Average 

 Average 

 Units 

 Price 

 Units 

 Price 

 Units 

 Price 

 Settlements: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 6,029 

 $ 
 404.0 

 5,047 

 $ 
 372.1 

 4,238 

 $ 
 373.4 

 North East 

 1,013 

 $ 
 328.4 

 889 

 $ 
 313.5 

 728 

 $ 
 303.6 

 Mid East 

 3,023 

 $ 
 300.4 

 2,472 

 $ 
 255.0 

 2,335 

 $ 
 235.1 

 South East 

 1,769 

 $ 
 256.7 

 1,435 

 $ 
 232.8 

 1,186 

 $ 
 217.1 

 Total 

 11,834 

 $ 
 349.1 

 9,843 

 $ 
 317.1 

 8,487 

 $ 
 307.5 

 22 

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Average 

 Average 

 Average 

 Units 

 Price 

 Units 

 Price 

 Units 

 Price 

 New orders, net of cancellations: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 6,056 

 $ 
 416.7 

 5,757 

 $ 
 382.9 

 4,616 

 $ 
 364.2 

 North East 

 1,075 

 $ 
 335.5 

 946 

 $ 
 325.3 

 872 

 $ 
 300.1 

 Mid East 

 2,903 

 $ 
 309.5 

 2,625 

 $ 
 264.2 

 2,412 

 $ 
 238.7 

 South East 

 1,766 

 $ 
 265.9 

 1,626 

 $ 
 243.7 

 1,347 

 $ 
 218.1 

 Total 

 11,800 

 $ 
 360.4 

 10,954 

 $ 
 328.8 

 9,247 

 $ 
 304.1 

 Backlog: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 2,710 

 $ 
 422.7 

 2,683 

 $ 
 394.2 

 1,973 

 $ 
 370.3 

 North East 

 495 

 $ 
 345.5 

 433 

 $ 
 330.2 

 376 

 $ 
 303.0 

 Mid East 

 1,032 

 $ 
 323.0 

 1,152 

 $ 
 297.8 

 807 

 $ 
 245.6 

 South East 

 708 

 $ 
 276.5 

 711 

 $ 
 253.4 

 520 

 $ 
 227.0 

 Total 

 4,945 

 $ 
 373.2 

 4,979 

 $ 
 346.2 

 3,676 

 $ 
 315.8 

 Operating Data: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 New order cancellation rate: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 14.9 
 % 

 13.4 
 % 

 13.3 
 % 
 
 North East 

 15.0 
 % 

 16.8 
 % 

 13.1 
 % 
 
 Mid East 

 13.5 
 % 

 15.0 
 % 

 14.6 
 % 
 
 South East 

 16.8 
 % 

 16.0 
 % 

 13.0 
 % 

 Average active communities: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 220 

 198 

 188 

 North East 

 39 

 38 

 34 

 Mid East 

 125 

 105 

 106 

 South East 

 67 

 63 

 56 

 Total 

 451 

 404 

 384 

 Homebuilding Inventory: 

 As of December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Sold inventory: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 354,407 

 $ 
 319,958 

 North East 

 57,541 

 41,447 

 Mid East 

 93,189 

 97,115 

 South East 

 57,631 

 49,305 

 Total (1) 
 
 $ 
 562,768 

 $ 
 507,825 

 Unsold lots and housing units inventory: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 77,266 

 $ 
 46,007 

 North East 

 3,881 

 3,645 

 Mid East 

 12,772 

 20,105 

 South East 

 8,834 

 8,985 

 Total (1) 
 
 $ 
 102,753 

 $ 
 78,742 

 (1) 
 The reconciling items between segment inventory and consolidated inventory include certain consolidation adjustments necessary to convert the reportable segments&#146; results, which are predominantly maintained on a
cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes and are not allocated to our operating segments. 
 23 

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Sold and unsold inventory impairments: 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 222 

 $ 
 349 

 $ 
 1,045 

 North East 

 47 

 19 

 246 

 Mid East 

 923 

 72 

 554 

 South East 

 82 

 102 

 228 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 1,274 

 $ 
 542 

 $ 
 2,073 

 Lots Controlled and Land Deposits: 

 As of December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Total lots controlled: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 32,646 

 30,969 

 North East 

 5,388 

 4,772 

 Mid East 

 16,420 

 15,409 

 South East 

 10,166 

 7,348 

 Total 

 64,620 

 58,498 

 Lots included in impairment reserve: 

 Mid Atlantic 

 4,393 

 5,335 

 North East 

 876 

 549 

 Mid East 

 2,555 

 2,515 

 South East 

 1,345 

 1,771 

 Total 

 9,169 

 10,170 

 Contract land deposits, net 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 156,570 

 $ 
 137,192 

 North East 

 16,174 

 13,553 

 Mid East 

 39,907 

 29,094 

 South East 

 26,693 

 15,037 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 239,344 

 $ 
 194,876 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Contract land deposit impairments (recoveries): 

 Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 (715 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 464 

 $ 
 6,741 

 North East 

 803 

 1,588 

 818 

 Mid East 

 173 

 1,075 

 493 

 South East 

 119 

 203 

 311 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 380 

 $ 
 3,330 

 $ 
 8,363 

 24 

 Table of Contents 

 Mid Atlantic 
 2013 versus 2012 The Mid Atlantic
segment had an approximate $87,300, or 46%, increase in segment profit in 2013 compared to 2012. The increase in segment profit was driven by the increase of approximately $561,500, or 30%, in revenues year over year due to a 20% increase in the
number of units settled and a 9% increase in the average settlement price. The increase in units settled was attributable to a 36% higher backlog unit balance entering 2013 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2012, offset partially by a
lower backlog turnover rate year over year. Settlements were also favorably impacted by a 14% increase in New Orders for the first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. Average settlement prices were higher due to a 6% higher
average price of homes in backlog entering 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 and a 10% higher average sales price for New Orders during the first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. Gross profit margin in the current year
was impacted by a charge of approximately $15,600, or 64 basis points of revenue, as discussed above in the Consolidated Homebuilding Gross Profit section, to establish an accrual related to remediation of primarily water infiltration issues
in a single completed community. Excluding this charge, gross profit margin increased 119 basis points to 19.6% in the current year due to increased settlement volume, which allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs. 
 Segment New Orders and the average sales price increased 5% and 9%, respectively, in 2013 from 2012. New Orders increased due to an 11%
increase in the number of active communities, partially offset by a lower absorption rate. The increase in the average sales price was attributable to a shift to higher priced communities in certain markets and favorable market conditions through
the first half of 2013, which allowed us to increase prices in several markets within the Mid Atlantic segment. 2012 versus 2011 
 The Mid Atlantic segment had an approximate $40,700, or 27%, increase in segment profit in 2012 compared to 2011. The increase in segment
profit was driven by the increase of approximately $295,100, or 19%, in revenues year over year due primarily to a 19% increase in the number of units settled. The increase in units settled was attributable to a 26% increase in New Orders during the
first half of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011, coupled with a 24% higher backlog unit balance entering 2012 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2011. These increases were partially offset by a slower backlog turnover rate in 2012
compared to 2011. The Mid Atlantic segment&#146;s gross profit margin percentage increased to 18.4% in 2012 from 18.1% in 2011, primarily due to a 40 basis point decrease in contract land deposit impairment charges year over year. The favorable
impact of the increased settlement volume in 2012, which allowed us to better leverage certain operating costs, was offset by higher construction, lumber and certain other commodity costs year over year. 
 Segment New Orders and the average sales price increased 25% and 5%, respectively, in 2012 compared to 2011. New Orders and the average sales
price were higher in each of our markets within the Mid Atlantic segment. New Orders increased due to a 6% increase in the number of active communities and higher sales absorption driven by improved market conditions in 2012. 
 North East 2013 versus 2012 
 The North East segment had an approximate $7,200, or 34%, decrease in segment profit in 2013 compared to 2012. The decrease was attributable to
a charge in the fourth quarter of 2013 to increase the warranty accrual for the non-recurring service issue discussed above in the Consolidated Homebuilding Gross Profit section. Excluding this charge to the segment of approximately $12,700,
segment profit increased approximately $5,500, or 25% compared to 2012. Revenues in the segment increased approximately $54,000, or 19%, year over year due to a 14% increase in the number of units settled, coupled with a 5% increase in the
 
 25 

 Table of Contents 

average settlement price. The increase in units settled was attributable to a 15% higher backlog unit balance entering 2013 as compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2012, in addition to a
15% increase in New Orders for the first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. The average settlement price increased year over year due to a 9% higher average price of homes in backlog entering 2013 compared to the same period in
2012, and a 1% higher average sales price for New Orders during the first six months of 2013 compared to 2012. The North East segment&#146;s gross profit margin percentage was down 356 basis points year over year. Excluding the warranty accrual
charge discussed above of approximately $12,700, or 382 basis points of revenue, gross profit margin for the segment was 17.6%, an increase of 27 basis points compared to 2012. 
 Segment New Orders and the average sales price increased approximately 14% and 3%, respectively, in 2013 from 2012. New Orders were favorably
impacted by higher sales absorption levels attributable to favorable market conditions through the first half of 2013 and a decrease in the cancellation rate year over year. 
 2012 versus 2011 The North East
segment had an approximate $8,100, or 60%, increase in segment profit in 2012 compared to 2011. The increase in segment profit was primarily driven by an increase of approximately $57,600, or 26%, in revenues year over year due to a 22% increase in
the number of units settled and a 3% increase in the average settlement price. The increase in units settled was attributable to a 62% higher backlog unit balance entering 2012 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2011, coupled with an 8%
increase in New Orders during the first half of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011. These increases were partially offset by a slower backlog turnover rate in 2012 compared to 2011. The increase in the average settlement price in 2012 was
primarily attributable to a 9% increase in the average New Order sales price for the first six months of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011 due to a product mix shift from our attached products to our detached products which generally sell at
higher price points. This increase was partially offset by a 4% lower average price of homes in backlog entering 2012 compared to the average price of homes in backlog entering 2011. The North East segment&#146;s gross profit margin percentage
increased approximately 50 basis points in 2012 compared to 2011. Segment profit and gross profit margins were favorably impacted by the previously mentioned higher average settlement price year over year. In addition, gross profit margins were
favorably impacted by the higher settlement volumes, allowing us to better leverage certain operating costs in 2012. These favorable variances were partially offset by higher construction, lumber and certain other commodity costs year over year.
 Segment New Orders and the average sales price each increased approximately 8% in 2012 compared to 2011. New Orders were favorably
impacted by the improved market conditions in 2012 and by a 12% increase in the number of active communities in 2012 compared to 2011. This favorable impact was partially offset by an increase in the cancellation rate in the North East segment to
16.8% in 2012 from 13.1% in the prior year. The increase in the average sales price is attributable to a product mix shift away from our attached products to our detached products which generally sell at higher price points. 
 Mid East 2013 versus 2012 
 The Mid East segment had an approximate $15,700, or 39%, increase in segment profit in 2013 compared to 2012. The increase in segment profit
was driven by an increase in revenues of approximately $277,800, or 44%, year over year due to a 22% increase in the number of units settled and an 18% increase in the average settlement price. The increase in settlements was primarily attributable
to a 43% higher backlog unit balance entering 2013 compared to the same period in 2012, coupled with a 21% increase in New Orders during the first half of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. The higher backlog balance entering 2013 was in part
attributable to our Heartland Homes acquisition, which added approximately 200 units and $81,600 to backlog at December 31, 2012. Average settlement prices were higher due to a 21% higher average price of homes in backlog entering 2013 compared
to 2012 resulting from a shift in mix to higher priced communities as well as to the higher average price of homes in the backlog acquired from Heartland Homes. In addition, the average settlement price was favorably impacted by a 17% increase in
the average New Order sales price during the first 
 26 

 Table of Contents 

half of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. Gross profit margin decreased to 15.7% in 2013 from 16.4% in 2012, due to the lower average gross profit margin associated with the Heartland
Homes backlog acquired, and higher construction costs, including lumber and certain other commodity costs. These cost increases were partially offset by the favorable impact of increased settlement volume which allowed us to better leverage certain
operating costs. Segment New Orders and the average sales price for New Orders increased 11% and 17%, respectively, during 2013 compared
to 2012. New Orders increased due to 355 New Orders from Heartland Homes. The increase in the average New Order sales price was attributable to a shift in mix to higher priced communities in certain markets, including higher average sales prices
associated with the Heartland Homes New Orders, coupled with favorable market conditions through the first half of 2013 which allowed us to increase prices in certain markets. 
 2012 versus 2011 The Mid East
segment had an approximate $12,700, or 47%, increase in segment profit in 2012 compared to 2011 due primarily to an increase in revenues of approximately $81,000, or 15%, year over year. Revenues increased due to a 6% increase in the number of units
settled and a 9% increase in the average price of settlements in 2012 compared to 2011. The increase in units settled was attributable to an 11% higher backlog unit balance entering 2012 compared to the backlog unit balance entering 2011, coupled
with a 7% increase in New Orders during the first half of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011. These increases were partially offset by a slower backlog turnover rate in 2012 compared to 2011. Average settlement prices were favorably impacted
by an 11% increase in the average New Order sales price for the first six months of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011 due to a shift in mix to higher priced communities in certain markets. Gross profit margins increased approximately 80 basis
points in 2012 from 2011 primarily as a result of the increase in the average settlement price, as well as from the increase in the number of settlements, allowing us to better leverage certain operating costs in 2012. These favorable variances were
partially offset by higher construction, lumber and certain other commodity costs year over year. Segment New Orders and the average
sales price for New Orders increased 9% and 11%, respectively, in 2012 compared to 2011. New Orders were favorably impacted by the improved market conditions in 2012 which contributed in part to higher sales absorption levels. The increase in the
average sales price was attributable to a shift in mix to higher priced communities in certain markets. The increases to the Mid East
segment&#146;s 2012 backlog, sold and unsold inventory, lots controlled and contract land deposit balances were all in part driven by the Heartland Homes acquisition on December 31, 2012. The acquisition did not impact sales or settlement
results in 2012. South East 2013 versus 2012
 The South East segment had an approximate $14,300, or 69%, increase in segment profit in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to
an increase in revenues of approximately $120,000, or 36%, year over year. Segment revenues were higher due to a 23% increase in the number of units settled and a 10% increase in the average settlement price. The increase in settlements was
attributable to a 37% higher backlog unit balance entering 2013 compared to 2012 and a 29% increase in New Orders for the first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. These increases were partially offset by a lower backlog turnover
rate year over year. The average settlement price was favorably impacted by a 12% higher average price of homes in backlog entering 2013 compared to the same period in 2012, as well as by a 9% increase in the average sales price of homes in the
first six months of 2013 compared to the same period in 2012. The South East segment&#146;s gross profit margin increased 32 basis points in 2013 from 2012 primarily due to the favorable impact of increased settlement volume, which allowed us to
better leverage certain operating costs. 
 27 

 Table of Contents 

 Segment New Orders and the average sales price for New Orders each increased approximately 9% in
2013 from 2012. New Orders increased due to a 7% increase in the number of active communities and higher sales absorption levels driven by favorable market conditions through the first half of 2013. The increase in the average sales price for New
Orders was attributable to a shift in mix of New Orders to higher priced communities in certain markets. 2012 versus 2011 
 The South East segment had an approximate $6,500, or 46%, increase in segment profit in 2012 compared to 2011, primarily due to an increase in
revenues of approximately $76,400, or 30%, year over year. Segment revenues were higher primarily due to a 21% increase in the number of homes settled and a 7% increase in the average settlement price year over year. The increase in settlements was
attributable to a 45% higher backlog unit balance entering 2012 compared to 2011, coupled with a 23% increase in New Orders during the first half of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011. These increases were partially offset by a slower backlog
turnover rate in 2012 compared to 2011. Average settlement prices were favorably impacted by a 12% increase in the average New Order sales price for the first six months of 2012 compared to the same period in 2011 attributable to a shift in mix to
higher priced markets and higher priced communities in certain markets. The South East segment&#146;s gross profit margins in 2012 increased approximately 40 basis points from 2011 primarily due to the higher average settlement prices and improved
operating leverage attributable to higher settlement volume year over year. These favorable variances were partially offset by higher construction, lumber and certain other commodity costs year over year. 
 Segment New Orders and the average sales price for New Orders increased approximately 21% and 12%, respectively, in 2012 compared to 2011. New
Orders were favorably impacted in 2012 by a 12% increase in the number of active communities and by the improved market conditions in 2012 which contributed in part to higher sales absorption levels. The increase in the average sales price for New
Orders was attributable to a shift in mix to higher priced markets and higher priced communities in certain markets. Homebuilding Segment
Reconciliations to Consolidated Homebuilding Operations In addition to the corporate capital allocation and contract land deposit
impairments discussed above, the other reconciling items between homebuilding segment profit and homebuilding consolidated profit before tax include unallocated corporate overhead (which includes all management incentive compensation), equity-based
compensation expense, consolidation adjustments and external corporate interest expense. Our overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury and human resources, are centrally performed and the costs are not allocated to our operating segments.
Consolidation adjustments consist of such items to convert the reportable segments&#146; results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial statement presentation purposes, and are not
allocated to our operating segments. Likewise, equity-based compensation expense is not charged to the operating segments. External corporate interest expense is primarily comprised of interest charges on our 3.95% Senior Notes due 2022 (the
&#147;Senior Notes&#148;), and is not charged to the operating segments because the charges are included in the corporate capital allocation discussed above. 
 28 

 Table of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Homebuilding Consolidated Gross Profit: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 461,481 

 $ 
 345,009 

 $ 
 286,266 

 Homebuilding North East 

 45,860 

 48,329 

 37,220 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 142,331 

 103,128 

 85,385 

 Homebuilding South East 

 77,277 

 55,788 

 42,116 

 Consolidation adjustments and other 

 (16,672 
 ) 

 (6,649 
 ) 

 (5,417 
 ) 

 Consolidated homebuilding gross profit 
 
 $ 
 710,277 

 $ 
 545,605 

 $ 
 445,570 

 Homebuilding Consolidated Profit Before Tax: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 276,399 

 $ 
 189,089 

 $ 
 148,373 

 Homebuilding North East 

 14,294 

 21,529 

 13,463 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 55,537 

 39,847 

 27,194 

 Homebuilding South East 

 35,001 

 20,674 

 14,162 

 Reconciling items: 

 Contract land deposit impairment reserve (1) 

 5,313 

 5,333 

 (2,878 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation expense (2) 

 (31,547 
 ) 

 (60,859 
 ) 

 (61,359 
 ) 
 
 Corporate capital allocation (3) 

 116,457 

 91,507 

 71,226 

 Unallocated corporate overhead (4) 

 (72,703 
 ) 

 (70,258 
 ) 

 (45,355 
 ) 
 
 Consolidation adjustments and other 

 2,362 

 10,858 

 20,477 

 Corporate interest expense (5) 

 (21,743 
 ) 

 (6,796 
 ) 

 (715 
 ) 

 Reconciling items sub-total 

 (1,861 
 ) 

 (30,215 
 ) 

 (18,604 
 ) 

 Homebuilding consolidated profit before taxes 
 
 $ 
 379,370 

 $ 
 240,924 

 $ 
 184,588 

 (1) 
 This item represents changes to the contract land deposit impairment reserve, which are not allocated to the reportable segments. 

 (2) 
 Equity-based compensation expense was lower in 2013 due to RSUs issued in 2010 under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan becoming fully vested effective December 31, 2012 and an approximate $7,450 pre-tax compensation
expense reversal attributable to an adjustment of our option forfeiture rates based on our actual forfeiture experience. These reductions were partially offset by equity-based compensation expense incurred in 2013 related to RSUs issued in May 2013
under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. 

 (3) 
 This item represents the elimination of the corporate capital allocation charge included in the respective homebuilding reportable segments. The corporate capital allocation charge is based on the segment&#146;s monthly
average asset balance and is as follows for the years presented: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 72,271 

 $ 
 59,144 

 $ 
 48,697 

 Homebuilding North East 

 9,461 

 8,187 

 5,763 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 22,580 

 15,039 

 11,074 

 Homebuilding South East 

 12,145 

 9,137 

 5,692 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 116,457 

 $ 
 91,507 

 $ 
 71,226 

 (4) 
 The increase in unallocated corporate overhead in 2012 from 2011 was attributable to increased management incentive costs year over year. 

 (5) 
 Corporate interest expense is attributable primarily to interest on our Senior Notes which were issued in the third quarter of 2012. 
 29 

 Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Banking Segment 
 We conduct our mortgage banking activity through NVRM, a wholly owned subsidiary. NVRM focuses almost exclusively on serving the homebuilding
segment&#146;s customer base. Following is a table of financial and statistical data for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011: 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Loan closing volume: 

 Total principal 
 
 $ 
 2,538,072 

 $ 
 2,206,092 

 $ 
 1,868,472 

 Loan volume mix: 

 Adjustable rate mortgages 

 6 
 % 

 5 
 % 

 9 
 % 

 Fixed-rate mortgages 

 94 
 % 

 95 
 % 

 91 
 % 

 Operating profit: 

 Segment profit 
 
 $ 
 42,075 

 $ 
 38,135 

 $ 
 26,102 

 Equity-based compensation expense 

 (2,749 
 ) 

 (3,982 
 ) 

 (3,114 
 ) 

 Mortgage banking income before tax 
 
 $ 
 39,326 

 $ 
 34,153 

 $ 
 22,988 

 Capture rate: 

 81 
 % 

 87 
 % 

 88 
 % 

 Mortgage banking fees: 

 Net gain on sale of loans 
 
 $ 
 56,528 

 $ 
 47,019 

 $ 
 34,632 

 Title services 

 19,862 

 15,977 

 12,769 

 Servicing fees 

 396 

 410 

 553 

 $ 
 76,786 

 $ 
 63,406 

 $ 
 47,954 

 2013 versus 2012 
 Loan closing volume for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased 15% from 2012. The increase was primarily attributable to a 7% increase
in the number of units closed and an 8% increase in the average loan amount year over year. The increase in the number of units closed and the increase in the average loan amount are primarily attributable to the aforementioned increase in the
homebuilding segment&#146;s number of units settled and the increase in the average settlement prices in 2013 as compared to 2012, partially offset by a decrease in the number of loans closed by NVRM for our homebuyers who obtain a mortgage to
purchase a home (&#147;Capture Rate&#148;). The Capture Rate decreased from 87% in 2012 to 81% in 2013 primarily due to a more competitive market for mortgage loans as other lenders&#146; refinancing activity slowed. 
 Segment profit for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased approximately $3,900 from 2012. The increase in segment profit was
primarily attributable to an approximate $13,400 increase in mortgage banking fees, partially offset by an approximate $10,000 increase in general and administrative expenses. The increase in mortgage banking fees was primarily attributable to the
aforementioned 15% increase in closed loan volume and an increase in secondary marketing fees. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to an increase in compensation costs as a result of a 43% increase in
headcount compared to 2012. 
 30 

 Table of Contents 

 2012 versus 2011 
 Loan closing volume for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased 18% from 2011. The 2012 increase was primarily attributable to a 14%
increase in the number of units closed and a 3% increase in the average loan amount year over year. The increase in the number of units closed and the increase in the average loan amount are primarily attributable to the aforementioned increase in
the homebuilding segment&#146;s number of units settled and the increase in the average settlement prices in 2012 as compared to 2011. 
 Segment profit for the year ended December 31, 2012 increased approximately $12,000 from 2011. The increase in segment profit was
primarily attributable to an approximate $15,500 increase in mortgage banking fees, partially offset by an approximate $2,700 increase in general and administrative expenses. The increase in mortgage banking fees was partially attributable to the
aforementioned 18% increase in closed loan volume and an increase in secondary marketing fees. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in compensation costs as a result of a 33% increase in
headcount compared to 2011. The increase in compensation costs was partially offset by an approximate $3,700 decrease in the provision for loan loss as compared to 2011. 
 Mortgage Banking &#150; Other We
sell all of the loans we originate into the secondary mortgage market. Insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor, we have no further financial obligations from the issuance of loans,
except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. Those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by FNMA, VA and FHA. Because we sell all of our loans and do not
service them, there is often a substantial delay between the time that a loan goes into default and the time that the investor requests us to reimburse them for losses incurred because of the default. We believe that all of the loans that we
originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor to whom we sell our originated loans. We employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effective, and further assess the
underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. NVRM maintains an allowance for losses on
mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure from the loans that we have originated and sold. The allowance is calculated based on an analysis of historical experience and exposure. At December 31, 2013, we
had an allowance for loan losses of approximately $8,200. Although we consider the allowance for loan losses reflected on the December 31, 2013 balance sheet to be adequate, there can be no assurance that this allowance will prove to be
adequate to cover losses on loans previously originated. NVRM is dependent on our homebuilding segment&#146;s customers for business. If
New Orders and sales prices of the homebuilding segment decline, NVRM&#146;s operations will also be adversely affected. In addition, the mortgage segment&#146;s operating results may be adversely affected in future periods due to the continued
tightening and volatility of the credit markets, changes in investor funding times, as well as increased regulation of mortgage lending practices. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, contains
numerous provisions affecting residential mortgages and mortgage lending practices. The CFPB issued rules in January 2013, including &#147;Ability to Repay&#148; underwriting provisions, definition and parameters of &#147;Qualified Mortgages&#148;
and the establishment of certain protections from liability under &#147;Ability to Repay&#148; provisions for &#147;Qualified Mortgages&#148;. The CFPB&#146;s rulemaking also included limitations on certain fees and loan officer compensation
requirements. These rules were effective January 2014. Although we do not expect these new requirements to significantly impact our mortgage business, fee restrictions may impact our ability to provide a comprehensive package of mortgage services to
our homebuyers. Seasonality 
 Overall, we do not experience material seasonal fluctuations in sales, settlements or loan closings. 
 31 

 Table of Contents 

 Effective Tax Rate 
 Our consolidated effective tax rate in 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 36.36%, 34.35% and 37.65%, respectively. During 2012, we reduced our provision
for unrecognized tax benefits by $9,154, which reduced the 2012 effective tax rate. The reduction resulted from settlements with and an audit by certain taxing authorities during 2012 which led us to update our evaluation of the administrative
practice in other states for similar uncertain tax positions to determine whether the positions taken in those states were effectively settled. See Note 11 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements herein for further discussion of income
taxes. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption 
 There have not been any pronouncements issued but not yet implemented that we believe will have a material impact on our financial statements.
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Lines of
Credit and Notes Payable Our homebuilding business segment funds its operations from cash flows provided by operating activities
and the public debt and equity markets. On September 5, 2012, we filed a Shelf Registration Statement (the &#147;Shelf&#148;) with the SEC to register for future offer and sale an unlimited amount of debt securities, common shares, preferred
shares, depositary shares representing preferred shares and warrants. On September 10, 2012, we issued $600,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.95% Senior Notes due 2022 under the Shelf. The Senior Notes were issued at a discount to yield 3.97%
and have been reflected net of the unamortized discount in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The offering of the Senior Notes resulted in aggregate net proceeds of approximately $593,900, after deducting offering expenses. The Senior
Notes mature on September 15, 2022 and bear interest at 3.95%, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, which commenced on March 15, 2013. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally
in right of payment with any of our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, will rank senior in right of payment to any of our future indebtedness that is by its terms expressly subordinated to the Senior Notes and will be effectively
subordinated to any of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. The indenture governing the Senior Notes does not contain any financial covenants, however, it does contain,
among other items, and subject to certain exceptions, covenants that restrict our ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to mergers and/or the sale of assets. The
proceeds from the Senior Notes issuance were used for general corporate purposes, which includes repurchases of our common shares. Our
mortgage subsidiary, NVRM, provides for its mortgage origination and other operating activities using cash generated from operations, borrowings from its parent company, NVR, as well as a revolving mortgage repurchase facility, which is non-recourse
to NVR. On July 31, 2013, NVRM renewed and amended its repurchase agreement with U.S. Bank National Association which provides for loan purchases up to $25,000, subject to certain sub-limits (the &#147;Repurchase Agreement&#148;). The purpose
of the Repurchase Agreement is to finance the origination of mortgage loans by NVRM. The Repurchase Agreement expires on July 30, 2014. 
 Advances under the Repurchase Agreement carry a Pricing Rate based on the LIBOR Rate plus the LIBOR Margin, or the Default Pricing Rate, as
determined under the Repurchase Agreement, provided that the Pricing Rate shall not be less than 3.00%. There are several restrictions on purchased loans, including that they cannot be sold to others, they cannot be pledged to anyone other than the
agent, and they cannot support any other borrowing or repurchase agreement. The Repurchase Agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants include among others, certain limitations on transactions involving
acquisitions, mergers, the incurrence of debt, sale of assets and creation of liens upon any of its Mortgage Notes. Additional covenants include (i) a tangible net worth requirement, (ii) a minimum liquidity requirement, (iii) a
minimum net income requirement, and (iv) a maximum leverage ratio requirement. We were in compliance with all covenants under the Repurchase Agreement at December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2013, there was no debt outstanding under the
Repurchase Agreement and there were no borrowing base limitations. 
 32 

 Table of Contents 

 Equity Repurchases 
 In addition to funding growth in our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations, we historically have used a substantial portion of our
excess liquidity to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock in open market and privately negotiated transactions. This ongoing repurchase activity is conducted pursuant to publicly announced Board authorizations, and is typically executed
in accordance with the safe-harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In addition, the Board resolutions authorizing us to repurchase shares of our common stock specifically prohibit us from
purchasing shares from our officers, directors, Profit Sharing/401K Plan Trust or Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust. The repurchase program assists us in accomplishing our primary objective, creating increases in shareholder value. See Part II,
Item 5 of this Form 10-K for disclosure of amounts repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we repurchased 581,387 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $554,491. As of
December 31, 2013, we had approximately $438,100 available under two Board approved repurchase authorizations. Cash Flows 
 For the year ended December 31, 2013, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $287,254. Net cash provided by operating activities was
$270,222. Cash was provided by homebuilding operations and by an increase of $114,456 in accounts payable, accrued expenses and customer deposits in 2013 compared to 2012. Accounts payables were higher due primarily to an increase in our inventory
levels, while accrued expenses were higher due to the aforementioned increased warranty reserves and income taxes payable attributable to our increased earnings. Cash was used to fund the increase to homebuilding inventory of $52,861, due to
increased units under construction at the end of 2013 compared to 2012. In addition, cash was used to fund the $40,034 increase in contract land deposits year over year. Investing activities during 2013 used net cash of $34,477, primarily as a
result of investments in unconsolidated joint ventures totaling $22,850 (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein for additional discussion of joint ventures). Cash was also used for the purchase of property,
plant and equipment totaling $19,016 during 2013. These uses of cash from investing activities were partially offset by capital distributions of $6,782 received from our unconsolidated joint ventures. Net cash used in financing activities was
$522,999, due primarily to our purchase of treasury stock. During 2013, we repurchased 581,387 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $554,491 under our ongoing common stock repurchase program as discussed above. This use of
cash from financing activities was partially offset by $13,957 in proceeds from stock option exercises and the realization of $20,636 in excess income tax benefits from equity-based compensation plan activity and deferred compensation plan
distributions. For the year ended December 31, 2012, cash and cash equivalents increased by $672,713. Net cash provided by operating
activities was $264,384. Cash was provided by homebuilding operations and by an approximate $63,400 decrease in mortgage loans held for sale. In addition, cash was provided by an increase of $110,396 in accounts payable, accrued expenses and
customer deposits in 2012 compared to 2011. Payables were higher due primarily to an increase in our inventory levels. The increase in accrued expenses and customer deposits were attributable to increased management incentive accruals associated
with our improved financial results and an increase in customer deposits associated with increased sales volume. Cash provided by homebuilding operations was used to fund the increase to homebuilding inventory of $97,750, as a result of an increase
in the units under construction at the end of 2012 compared to 2011. In addition, cash was used to fund the $53,942 increase in contract land deposits year over year. Investing activities during 2012 used net cash of $22,611, primarily as a result
of the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Heartland Homes on December 31, 2012 (see Note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein for additional discussion of the acquisition). In addition, cash
was used for the purchase of property, plant and equipment totaling $12,365 during 2012. These uses of cash from investing activities were partially offset by capital distributions received from our unconsolidated joint ventures. Net cash provided
by financing activities was $430,940, due primarily to the receipt of $593,866 in net proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes and $73,211 in proceeds from stock option exercises. During 2012, we spent $227,281 to repurchase 285,495 shares of
our common stock. In addition, cash was used in the repayment of $21,910 of loans assumed in the acquisition of Heartland Homes. 
 33 

 Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2011, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $712,956. Net
cash provided by operating activities was $1,463. Cash provided by homebuilding operations was used to fund the increase to homebuilding inventory of $99,527, as a result of an increase in the units under construction at the end of 2011 compared to
2010. In addition, cash was used to fund the $42,385 increase in contract land deposits. The presentation of operating cash flows was reduced by $22,835, which is the amount of the excess tax benefit realized from stock option exercises and deferred
compensation plan distributions during 2011 and credited directly to additional paid in capital. Investing activities during 2011 used net cash of $61,866, primarily as a result of our investment in a joint venture with Morgan Stanley Real Estate
Investing of $61,250. In addition, cash was used to purchase $11,444 in property, plant and equipment during 2011. These uses of cash from investing activities were partially offset by capital distributions received from our unconsolidated joint
ventures. Net cash used by financing activities was $652,553. During 2011, we spent approximately $689,300 to repurchase 1,017,588 shares of our common stock under our ongoing common stock repurchase program as discussed above. In addition, cash was
used in the repayment of approximately $90,000 of the outstanding NVRM repurchase facility due to our decision to substantially reduce the available credit capacity under the Repurchase Agreement. These uses of cash from financing activities were
offset partially by equity-based activity which provided stock option exercise proceeds of $106,999 and the realization of $22,835 in excess income tax benefits from equity-based compensation plan activity. 
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the homebuilding segment had restricted cash of $20,563 and $19,661, respectively, which is included in
&#147;Other assets&#148; on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The restricted cash balances relate primarily to holding requirements for outstanding letters of credit issued under our letter of credit agreement and customer deposits for
certain home sales. We believe that our current cash holdings, cash generated from operations and the public debt and equity markets will
be sufficient to satisfy near and long term cash requirements for working capital and debt service in both our homebuilding and mortgage banking operations. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Lot Acquisition
Strategy We generally do not engage in land development. Instead, we typically acquire finished building lots at market prices
from various land developers under fixed price purchase agreements that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the agreement. The deposits required under the purchase agreements are in the form of cash or letters of
credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage, typically ranging up to 10%, of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. 
 We believe that our lot acquisition strategy reduces the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and land
development. We may, at our option, choose for any reason and at any time not to perform under these purchase agreements by delivering notice of our intent not to acquire the finished lots under contract. Our sole legal obligation and economic loss
for failure to perform under these purchase agreements is limited to the amount of the deposit pursuant to the liquidated damage provision contained in the purchase agreements. We do not have any financial guarantees or completion obligations and we
typically do not guarantee lot purchases on a specific performance basis under these purchase agreements. At December 31, 2013, we
controlled approximately 64,600 lots through lot purchase agreements, joint ventures and land under development, with an aggregate purchase price of approximately $5,800,000. These lots are controlled by making or committing to make deposits of
approximately $372,400 in the form of cash and letters of credit. Our entire risk of loss pertaining to the aggregate purchase price contractual commitment resulting from our non-performance under the contracts is limited to our $299,100 deposit
paid, plus the additional $73,300 referred to below. Of the $299,100 deposit total, approximately $296,600 was in cash and approximately $2,500 was in letters of credit which had been issued as of December 31, 2013. The remaining
 
 34 

 Table of Contents 

balance of approximately $73,300 relates to deposits to be paid subsequent to December 31, 2013 assuming that contractual development milestones are met by the developers (see Contractual
Obligations section below). As of December 31, 2013, we had recorded an impairment valuation allowance of approximately $59,800 related to certain cash deposits currently outstanding. Please refer to Note 1 in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements for a further discussion of the contract land deposits and Note 3 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our lot acquisition strategy in relation to our accounting related to variable interest
entities. Bonds and Letters of Credit 
 We enter into bond or letter of credit arrangements with local municipalities, government agencies, or land developers to collateralize our
obligations under various contracts. We had approximately $54,500 of contingent obligations under such agreements as of December 31, 2013, inclusive of the $2,500 of lot acquisition deposits in the form of letters of credit discussed above. We
believe we will fulfill our obligations under the related contracts and do not anticipate any material losses under these bonds or letters of credit. 
 Mortgage Commitments and Forward Sales 
 In the normal course of business, our mortgage banking segment enters into contractual commitments to extend credit to buyers of single-family
homes with fixed expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers &#147;lock-in&#148; a specified interest rate within time frames established by us. All mortgagors are evaluated for credit worthiness prior to the extension of
the commitment. Market risk arises if interest rates move adversely between the time of the &#147;lock-in&#148; of rates by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to a broker/dealer. To mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in
providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, we enter into optional or mandatory delivery forward sale contracts to sell whole loans and mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers. The forward sale contracts lock in an interest rate and price for
the sale of loans similar to the specific rate lock commitments. We do not engage in speculative or trading derivative activities. Both the rate lock commitments to borrowers and the forward sale contracts to broker/dealers are undesignated
derivatives, and, accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. At December 31, 2013, there were contractual commitments to extend credit to borrowers aggregating $243,084 and open forward delivery contracts aggregating $430,859.
Please refer to Note 14 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of our fair value accounting. Contractual Obligations
 Our fixed, non-cancelable obligations as of December 31, 2013, were as follows: 

 Payments due by period 

 Total 

 Less than 1 year 

 1-3 years 

 3-5 years 

 More than 5 years 

 Debt (1) 
 
 $ 
 600,000 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 600,000 

 Interest on debt (1) 

 213,234 

 23,700 

 47,400 

 47,400 

 94,734 

 Capital lease (2) 

 117 

 117 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Operating leases (3) 

 110,206 

 21,998 

 30,069 

 22,302 

 35,837 

 Purchase obligations (4) 

 74,999 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 Executive Officer employment contracts (5) 

 4,300 

 2,150 

 2,150 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other long-term liabilities (6) 

 42,861 

 42,171 

 690 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Uncertain tax positions (7) 

 28,467 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 * 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 1,074,184 

 $ 
 90,136 

 $ 
 80,309 

 $ 
 69,702 

 $ 
 730,571 

 (1) 
 See Note 9 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the Senior Notes. 
 35 

 Table of Contents 

 (2) 
 The present value of this obligation is included on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 9 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding capital lease obligations.

 (3) 
 See Note 13 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding operating leases. 

 (4) 
 Amount represents required payments of forfeitable deposits with land developers under existing fixed price purchase agreements, assuming that contractual development milestones are met by the developers, and specific
performance guarantees. We expect to make all payments of these deposits within the next three years, but due to the nature of the contractual development milestones that must be met, we are unable to accurately estimate the portion of the deposit
obligation that will be made within one year and that portion that will be made within one to three years. 

 (5) 
 We have entered into employment agreements with our four executive officers. Each of the agreements expires on January 1, 2016 and provides for payment of a minimum base salary, which may be increased at the
discretion of the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the &#147;Compensation Committee&#148;), and annual incentive compensation of up to 100% of base salary upon achievement of annual performance objectives established by the
Compensation Committee. The agreements also provide for payment of severance benefits upon termination of employment, in amounts ranging from $0 to two times the executive officer&#146;s then annual base salary, depending on the reason for
termination, plus up to $100 in outplacement assistance. Accordingly, total payments under these agreements will vary based on length of service, any future increases to base salaries, annual incentive payments earned, and the reason for
termination. The agreements have been reflected in the above table assuming the continued employment of the executive officers for the full term of the respective agreements, and at the executive officers&#146; current base salaries. The above
balances do not include any potential annual incentive compensation. The actual amounts paid could differ from that presented. 

 (6) 
 Amounts represent payments due under incentive compensation plans and are included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, approximately $1,532 of which is recorded in the Mortgage Banking &#147;Accounts
payable and other liabilities&#148; line item, and the remainder in the Homebuilding &#147;Accrued expenses and other liabilities&#148; line item. 

 (7) 
 Due to the nature of the uncertain tax positions, we are unable to make a reasonable estimate as to the period of settlement with the respective taxing authorities. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 General The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We continually evaluate the estimates we use to prepare the
consolidated financial statements and update those estimates as necessary. In general, our estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates made by management. Homebuilding
Inventory The carrying value of inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost of lots and completed and
uncompleted housing units represent the accumulated actual cost of the units. Field construction supervisors&#146; salaries and related direct overhead expenses are included in inventory costs. Interest costs are not capitalized into inventory, with
the exception of land under development. Upon settlement, the cost of the unit is expensed on a specific identification basis. Cost of production materials is determined on a first-in, first-out basis. 
 Sold inventory is evaluated for impairment based on the contractual selling price compared to the total estimated cost to construct. Unsold
inventory is evaluated for impairment by analyzing recent comparable sale prices within the applicable community compared to the costs incurred to date plus the expected costs to complete. Any calculated impairments are recorded immediately. 
 36 

 Table of Contents 

 Land Under Development and Contract Land Deposits 
 Land Under Development On
a very limited basis, we directly acquire raw parcels of land already zoned for its intended use to develop into finished lots. Land under development includes the land acquisition costs, direct improvement costs, capitalized interest, where
applicable, and real estate taxes. Land under development, including the land under development held by our unconsolidated joint ventures
and the related joint venture investments, is reviewed for potential write-downs when impairment indicators are present. In addition to considering market and economic conditions, we assess land under development impairments on a
community-by-community basis, analyzing, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales&#146; gross profit, and the dollar differential between the projected fully-developed cost of the lots and the current market price for lots. If
indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts, and if they are, impairment charges are required
to be recorded in an amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated future cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent
risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. At December 31, 2013, we had approximately $41,300 in land
under development in five separate communities. In addition, at December 31, 2013, we had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $92,700 in four separate joint ventures that controlled land under development. None of the communities
classified as land under development nor any of the undeveloped land held by the joint ventures had any indicators of impairment at December 31, 2013. As such, we do not believe that any of the land under development is impaired at this time.
However, there can be no assurance that we will not incur impairment charges in the future due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or other events adversely affecting specific markets or the homebuilding industry. 
 Contract Land Deposits 
 We purchase finished lots under fixed price purchase agreements that require deposits that may be forfeited if we fail to perform under the
contract. The deposits are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. 
 We maintain an allowance for losses on contract land deposits that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the existing contract
land deposit portfolio at the end of the reporting period. To analyze contract land deposit impairments, we utilize a loss contingency analysis that is conducted each quarter. In addition to considering market and economic conditions, we assess
contract land deposit impairments on a community-by-community basis pursuant to the purchase contract terms, analyzing, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales&#146; gross profit, the dollar differential between the contractual
purchase price and the current market price for lots, a developer&#146;s financial stability, a developer&#146;s financial ability or willingness to reduce lot prices to current market prices, and the contract&#146;s default status by either us or
the developer along with an analysis of the expected outcome of any such default. Our analysis is focused on whether we can sell houses
profitably in a particular community in the current market with which we are faced. Because we do not own the finished lots on which we had placed a contract land deposit, if the above analysis leads to a determination that we cannot sell homes
profitably at the current contractual lot price, we then determine whether we will elect to default under the contract, forfeit our deposit and terminate the contract, or whether we will attempt to restructure the lot purchase contract, which may
require us to forfeit the deposit to obtain contract concessions from a developer. We also assess whether an impairment is present due to collectability issues resulting from a developer&#146;s non-performance because of financial or other
conditions. 
 37 

 Table of Contents 

 Although we consider the allowance for losses on contract land deposits reflected on the
December 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no assurance that this allowance will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses
due to unanticipated adverse changes in the economy or other events adversely affecting specific markets or the homebuilding industry. 
 Excess Reorganization Value 
 Reorganization value in excess of identifiable assets (&#147;excess reorganization value&#148;) is an indefinite-lived intangible asset that
was created upon our emergence from bankruptcy on September 30, 1993. Based on the allocation of our reorganization value, the portion of our reorganization value which was not attributed to specific tangible or intangible assets has been
reported as excess reorganization value, which is treated similarly to goodwill. Excess reorganization value is not subject to amortization. Rather, excess reorganization value is subject to an impairment assessment on an annual basis or more
frequently if changes in events or circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Because excess reorganization value was based on the reorganization value of our entire enterprise upon bankruptcy emergence, the impairment assessment is
conducted on an enterprise basis based on the comparison of our total equity compared to the market value of our outstanding publicly-traded common stock. We do not believe that excess reorganization value is impaired at this time. However, changes
in strategy or adverse changes in market conditions could impact this judgment and require an impairment loss to be recognized if our book value, including excess reorganization value, exceeds the fair value. 
 Warranty / Product Liability Accruals 
 Warranty and product liability accruals are established to provide for estimated future costs as a result of construction and product defects,
product recalls and litigation incidental to our business. Liability estimates are determined based on our judgment considering such factors as historical experience, the likely current cost of corrective action, manufacturers&#146; and
subcontractors&#146; participation in sharing the cost of corrective action, consultations with third party experts such as engineers, and evaluations by our General Counsel and outside counsel retained to handle specific product liability cases.
Although we consider the warranty and product liability accrual reflected on the December 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein), there can be no
assurance that this accrual will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to increased costs for material and labor, the inability or refusal of manufacturers or subcontractors to financially participate in corrective action, unanticipated
adverse legal settlements, or other unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the warranty and product liability accrual. 
 Equity-Based Compensation Expense 
 Compensation costs related to our equity-based compensation plans are recognized within our income statement. The costs recognized are based on
the grant-date fair value. Compensation cost for share-based grants is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award (from the date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of
the grant). We calculate the fair value of our non-publicly traded, employee stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
While the Black-Scholes model is a widely accepted method to calculate the fair value of options, its results are dependent on input variables, two of which, expected term and expected volatility, are significantly dependent on management&#146;s
judgment. We have concluded that our historical exercise experience is the best estimate of future exercise patterns to determine an option&#146;s expected term. To estimate expected volatility, we analyze the historical volatility of our common
stock over a period equal to the option&#146;s expected term. Changes in management&#146;s judgment of the expected term and the expected volatility could have a material effect on the grant-date fair value calculated and expensed within the income
statement. In addition, we are required to estimate future grant forfeitures when considering the amount of stock-based 
 38 

 Table of Contents 

compensation costs to record. We have concluded that our historical forfeiture rate is the best measure to base our estimate of future forfeitures of equity-based compensation grants. However,
there can be no assurance that our future forfeiture rate will not be materially higher or lower than our historical forfeiture rate, which would affect the aggregate cumulative compensation expense recognized. 
 Mortgage Loan Loss Allowance 
 We originate several different loan products to our customers to finance the purchase of their home. We sell all of the loans we originate into
the secondary mortgage market generally within 30 days from origination. All of the loans that we originate are underwritten to the standards and specifications of the ultimate investor. Insofar as we underwrite our originated loans to those
standards, we bear no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. Those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the
underwriting standards required by FNMA, VA and FHA. We employ a quality control department to ensure that our underwriting controls are effectively operating, and further assess the underwriting function as part of our assessment of internal
controls over financial reporting. We maintain an allowance for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects our judgment of the present loss exposure in the loans that we have originated and sold. The allowance is calculated based on an
analysis of historical experience and exposure. Although we consider the allowance for loan losses reflected on the December 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet to be adequate (see Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements
included herein), there can be no assurance that this allowance will prove to be adequate over time to cover losses due to unanticipated changes to the assumptions used to estimate the mortgage loan loss allowance. 
 Impact of Inflation, Changing Prices and Economic Conditions 
 See &#147;Risk Factors&#148; included in Item 1A herein for a description of the impact of inflation, changing prices and economic
conditions on our business and our financial results. See also the discussion of the current business environment in the Overview section above. 

 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. Market risk is the
risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our market risk arises from interest rate risk inherent in our financial instruments and debt obligations. Interest rate risk results from the possibility that changes in
interest rates will cause unfavorable changes in net income or in the value of interest rate-sensitive assets, liabilities and commitments. Lower interest rates tend to increase demand for mortgage loans for home purchasers, while higher interest
rates make it more difficult for potential borrowers to purchase residential properties and to qualify for mortgage loans. We have no market rate sensitive instruments held for speculative or trading purposes. 
 Our homebuilding segment is exposed to interest rate risk as it relates to its debt obligations. In September 2012, we issued $600,000 of
Senior Notes. The Senior Notes mature on September 15, 2022 and bear interest at 3.95%, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 15 and September 15, commencing on March 15, 2013. Changes to interest rates generally affect the
fair value of fixed-rate debt instruments, but not earnings or cash flows. We generally have no obligation to prepay the Senior Notes prior to maturity, and therefore, interest rate fluctuations should not have a significant impact on our fixed-rate
debt. Our mortgage banking segment is exposed to interest rate risk as it relates to its lending activities. The mortgage banking segment
originates mortgage loans, which are sold through either optional or mandatory forward delivery contracts into the secondary markets. All of the mortgage banking segment&#146;s loan portfolio is held for sale and subject to forward sale commitments.
NVRM also sells all of its mortgages held for sale on a servicing released basis. NVRM has available a mortgage Repurchase Agreement,
which provides for loan repurchases up to $25,000, subject to certain sub limits. The Repurchase Agreement is used to fund NVRM&#146;s mortgage origination activities. Advances under the Repurchase Agreement carry a Pricing Rate based on the LIBOR
Rate plus the 
 39 

 Table of Contents 

LIBOR Margin, or the Default Pricing Rate, as determined under the Repurchase Agreement, provided that the Pricing Rate shall not be less than 3.00%. At December 31, 2013, there was no debt
outstanding under the Repurchase Agreement. The following table represents the contractual balances of our on-balance sheet financial
instruments at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair values of those on-balance sheet financial instruments at December 31, 2013. The table does not include the debt of our consolidated joint venture as it is non-recourse to us. The
expected maturity categories take into consideration the actual and anticipated amortization of principal and do not take into consideration the reinvestment of cash or the refinancing of existing indebtedness. Because we sell all of the mortgage
loans we originate into the secondary markets, we have made the assumption that the portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale will mature in the first year. Consequently, advances outstanding under the Repurchase Agreement would also be assumed to
mature in the first year. 
 40 

 Table of Contents 

 Maturities (000&#146;s) 

 Fair Value 

 2014 

 2015 

 2016 

 2017 

 2018 

 Thereafter 

 Total 

 Mortgage banking segment 

 Interest rate sensitive assets: 

 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 
 $ 
 213,577 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 213,577 

 $ 
 210,641 

 Average interest rate 

 4.2 
 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 4.2 
 % 

 Interest rate sensitive liabilities: 

 Variable rate repurchase agreement 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Average interest rate 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Other: 

 Forward trades of mortgage-backed securities (a) 
 
 $ 
 6,153 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 6,153 

 $ 
 6,153 

 Forward loan commitments (a) 
 
 $ 
 (2,697 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 (2,697 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (2,697 
 ) 

 Homebuilding segment 

 Interest rate sensitive assets: 

 Interest-bearing deposits 
 
 $ 
 816,154 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 $ 
 816,154 

 $ 
 816,154 

 Average interest rate 

 0.2 
 % 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 0.2 
 % 

 Interest rate sensitive liabilities: 

 Fixed rate obligations (b) 
 
 $ 
 115 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 600,000 

 $ 
 600,115 

 $ 
 575,317 

 Average interest rate 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 4.0 
 % 

 (a) 
 Represents the fair value recorded pursuant to ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . 

 (b) 
 The $600,000 maturing thereafter relates to the 3.95% Senior Notes due 2022. 
 41 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements listed in
Item 15 are filed as part of this report and are incorporated herein by reference. 

 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;). Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2013 were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the
Exchange Act, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&#146;s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management&#146;s Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control &#150; Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control &#150; Integrated Framework (1992) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013. There have
been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation referred to above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report which is included herein. 

 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None 
 PART III 

 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. Item 10 is hereby
incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or prior to April 30, 2014. Reference is also made regarding our executive officers to &#147;Executive Officers of the
Registrant&#148; following Item 4 of Part I of this report. 
 42 

 Table of Contents 

 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or prior to April 30, 2014. 

 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement expected to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or prior to April 30, 2014. Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The table below sets forth information as of the end of our 2013 fiscal year for (i) all equity compensation plans approved by our
shareholders and (ii) all equity compensation plans not approved by our shareholders: 

 Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

 Weighted-average exercise price
of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 

 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

 500,955 

 $ 
 717.52 

 79,730 

 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

 211,090 

 $ 
 636.12 

 &#151; 

 Total 

 712,045 

 $ 
 693.39 

 79,730 

 (1) 
 This category includes the RSUs authorized by the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, which was approved by our shareholders at the May 4, 2010 Annual Meeting. At December 31, 2013, there are 45,009 RSUs outstanding,
issued at a $0 exercise price. Of the total 79,730 shares remaining available for future issuance, up to 48,476 may be issued as RSUs. The weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under security holder approved plans excluding
outstanding RSUs was $788.36. Equity compensation plans approved by our shareholders include the NVR, Inc. Management
Long-Term Stock Option Plan; the NVR, Inc. 1998 Management Long-Term Stock Option Plan; the 1998 Directors&#146; Long-Term Stock Option Plan; and the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. The only equity compensation plan that was not approved by our
shareholders is the NVR, Inc. 2000 Broadly-Based Stock Option Plan. See Note 12 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of each of our equity compensation plans. 

 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
prior to April 30, 2014. 

 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Item 14 is hereby incorporated by
reference to our Proxy Statement expected to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or prior to April 30, 2014. 
 43 

 Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The following documents are filed as
part of this report: 

 1. 
 Financial Statements NVR, Inc. - Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#146; Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 2. 
 Exhibits 

 Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of NVR, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to NVR&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 3.2 
 
 Bylaws, as amended, of NVR, Inc. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to NVR&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 4.1 
 
 Indenture dated as of April 14, 1998 between NVR, Inc., as issuer and the Bank of New York as trustee. Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to NVR&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 23, 1998 and incorporated herein by
reference. 

 4.2 
 
 Form of Note (included in Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). 

 4.3 
 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated September 10, 2012 among NVR, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust National Association. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 4.4 
 
 Form of Global Note. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.1* 
 
 Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Paul C. Saville dated December 21, 2010. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.2* 
 
 Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Robert W. Henley dated December 21, 2010. Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.3* 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Robert W. Henley dated December 21, 2010. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.4* 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Robert W. Henley dated December 21, 2010. Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to NVR&#146;s Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.5* 
 
 Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Eugene J. Bredow dated May 31, 2012. Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2012 and incorporated herein by
reference. 
 44 

 Table of Contents 

 10.6* 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Eugene
J. Bredow dated May 31, 2012. Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to NVR&#146;s Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.7* 
 
 Employment Agreement between NVR, Inc. and Daniel D. Malzahn dated February 19, 2013. Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to NVR&#146;s Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.8* 
 
 Profit Sharing Plan of NVR, Inc. and Affiliated Companies. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to NVR&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-29241) filed June 13, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.9* 
 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan of NVR, Inc. Incorporated by reference to NVR&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 1994. 

 10.10* 
 
 NVR, Inc. 1998 Management Long-Term Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 4 to NVR&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-79951) filed June 4, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.11* 
 
 NVR, Inc. 1998 Directors&#146; Long-Term Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 4 to NVR&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-79949) filed June 4, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.12* 
 
 NVR, Inc. Management Long-Term Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 99.3 to NVR&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-04975) filed May 31, 1996 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.13* 
 
 NVR, Inc. 2000 Broadly-Based Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to NVR&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-56732) filed March 8, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.14* 
 
 NVR, Inc. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.15* 
 
 Description of the Board of Directors&#146; compensation arrangement. Filed as Exhibit 10.27 to NVR&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.16* 
 
 NVR, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form S-8 (No. 333-166512) filed on May 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.17* 
 
 The Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Management grants) under the NVR, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by
reference. 

 10.18* 
 
 The Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Director grants) under the NVR, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.2 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.19* 
 
 The Form of Restricted Share Units Agreement (Management grants) under the NVR, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.2 to NVR&#146;s Form 10-Q filed on July 30, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.20* 
 
 The Form of Restricted Share Units Agreement (Director grants) under the NVR, Inc. 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. Filed as exhibit 10.4 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.21* 
 
 The Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the NVR, Inc. 2000 Broadly Based Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to NVR&#146;s Form 8-K filed January 3, 2008 and incorporated herein by
reference. 
 45 

 Table of Contents 

 10.22* 
 
 The Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1998
Directors&#146; Long-Term Stock Option Plan. Filed as Exhibit 10.34 to NVR&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 

 10.23* 
 
 Summary of 2014 Named Executive Officer annual incentive compensation plan. Filed herewith. 

 21 
 
 NVR, Inc. Subsidiaries. Filed herewith. 

 23 
 
 Consent of KPMG LLP (Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm). Filed herewith. 

 31.1 
 
 Certification of NVR&#146;s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed herewith. 

 31.2 
 
 Certification of NVR&#146;s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). Filed herewith. 

 32 
 
 Certification of NVR&#146;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 

 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 * 
 Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 46 

 Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 NVR, Inc. 

 By: 
 
 /s/ Paul C. Saville 

 Paul C. Saville 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

 Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

 /s/ Dwight C. Schar 
 
 Chairman 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Dwight C. Schar 

 /s/ C. E. Andrews 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 C. E. Andrews 

 /s/ Robert C. Butler 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Robert C. Butler 

 /s/ Timothy M. Donahue 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Timothy M. Donahue 

 /s/ Thomas D. Eckert 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Thomas D. Eckert 

 /s/ Alfred E. Festa 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Alfred E. Festa 

 /s/ Ed Grier 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Ed Grier 

 /s/ Manuel H. Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Manuel H. Johnson 

 /s/ Mel Martinez 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Mel Martinez 

 /s/ William A. Moran 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 William A. Moran 

 /s/ David A. Preiser 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 David A. Preiser 

 /s/ W. Grady Rosier 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 W. Grady Rosier 

 /s/ Paul W. Whetsell 
 
 Director 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Paul W. Whetsell 

 47 

 Table of Contents 

 /s/ Paul C. Saville 
 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Paul C. Saville 

 /s/ Daniel D. Malzahn 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Daniel D. Malzahn 

 /s/ Eugene J. Bredow 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 February 20, 2014 
 
 Eugene J. Bredow 

 48 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders NVR, Inc.: 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVR, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated
statements of income, shareholders&#146; equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#146;s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of NVR, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), NVR, Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated February 20, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting . KPMG LLP 
 McLean, Virginia February 20, 2014 
 49 

 Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders NVR, Inc.: 
 We have audited NVR, Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). NVR, Inc.&#146;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, NVR, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
NVR, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders&#146; equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2013, and our report
dated February 20, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. KPMG LLP 
 McLean, Virginia February 20, 2014 
 50 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 ASSETS 

 Homebuilding: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 $ 
 844,274 

 $ 
 1,139,103 

 Receivables 

 9,529 

 9,421 

 Inventory: 

 Lots and housing units, covered under sales agreements with customers 

 568,831 

 515,498 

 Unsold lots and housing units 

 117,467 

 81,932 

 Land under development 

 41,328 

 68,336 

 Building materials and other 

 10,939 

 12,365 

 738,565 

 678,131 

 Assets related to consolidated variable interest entity 

 7,268 

 15,626 

 Contract land deposits, net 

 236,885 

 191,538 

 Property, plant and equipment, net 

 32,599 

 27,016 

 Reorganization value in excess of amounts allocable to identifiable assets, net 

 41,580 

 41,580 

 Goodwill and finite-lived intangible assets, net 

 6,747 

 9,219 

 Deferred tax assets, net 

 162,378 

 145,618 

 Other assets 

 145,555 

 125,018 

 2,225,380 

 2,382,270 

 Mortgage Banking: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 21,311 

 13,498 

 Mortgage loans held for sale, net 

 210,641 

 188,929 

 Property and equipment, net 

 4,699 

 2,465 

 Reorganization value in excess of amounts allocable to identifiable assets, net 

 7,347 

 7,347 

 Other assets 

 16,770 

 10,333 

 260,768 

 222,572 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 2,486,148 

 $ 
 2,604,842 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS&#146; EQUITY 

 Homebuilding: 

 Accounts payable 
 
 $ 
 181,687 

 $ 
 163,446 

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 316,227 

 234,804 

 Liabilities related to consolidated variable interest entity 

 1,646 

 2,180 

 Non-recourse debt related to consolidated variable interest entity 

 3,365 

 4,574 

 Customer deposits 

 101,022 

 99,687 

 Senior notes 

 599,075 

 598,988 

 1,203,022 

 1,103,679 

 Mortgage Banking: 

 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

 21,774 

 20,686 

 21,774 

 20,686 

 Total liabilities 

 1,224,796 

 1,124,365 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Shareholders&#146; equity: 

 Common stock, $0.01 par value; 60,000,000 shares authorized; 20,555,330 and 20,556,198 shares issued as of December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively 

 206 

 206 

 Additional paid-in-capital 

 1,212,050 

 1,169,699 

 Deferred compensation trust &#150;109,256 and 152,223 shares of NVR, Inc. common stock as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively 

 (17,741 
 ) 

 (25,331 
 ) 
 
 Deferred compensation liability 

 17,741 

 25,331 

 Retained earnings 

 4,605,557 

 4,339,080 

 Less treasury stock at cost &#150; 16,121,605 and 15,642,068 shares as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively 

 (4,556,461 
 ) 

 (4,028,508 
 ) 

 Total shareholders&#146; equity 

 1,261,352 

 1,480,477 

 Total liabilities and shareholders&#146; equity 
 
 $ 
 2,486,148 

 $ 
 2,604,842 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Homebuilding: 

 Revenues 
 
 $ 
 4,134,481 

 $ 
 3,121,244 

 $ 
 2,611,195 

 Other income 

 3,962 

 3,486 

 4,301 

 Cost of sales 

 (3,424,204 
 ) 

 (2,575,639 
 ) 

 (2,165,625 
 ) 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 

 (313,029 
 ) 

 (301,184 
 ) 

 (264,266 
 ) 

 Operating income 

 401,210 

 247,907 

 185,605 

 Interest expense 

 (21,840 
 ) 

 (6,983 
 ) 

 (1,017 
 ) 

 Homebuilding income 

 379,370 

 240,924 

 184,588 

 Mortgage Banking: 

 Mortgage banking fees 

 76,786 

 63,406 

 47,954 

 Interest income 

 4,983 

 4,504 

 5,702 

 Other income 

 696 

 564 

 456 

 General and administrative 

 (42,594 
 ) 

 (33,775 
 ) 

 (30,249 
 ) 
 
 Interest expense 

 (545 
 ) 

 (546 
 ) 

 (875 
 ) 

 Mortgage banking income 

 39,326 

 34,153 

 22,988 

 Income before taxes 

 418,696 

 275,077 

 207,576 

 Income tax expense 

 (152,219 
 ) 

 (94,489 
 ) 

 (78,156 
 ) 

 Net income 
 
 $ 
 266,477 

 $ 
 180,588 

 $ 
 129,420 

 Basic earnings per share 
 
 $ 
 56.25 

 $ 
 36.04 

 $ 
 23.66 

 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 $ 
 54.81 

 $ 
 35.12 

 $ 
 23.01 

 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

 4,737 

 5,011 

 5,469 

 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

 4,862 

 5,142 

 5,624 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#146; Equity 
 (in thousands) 

 Common Stock 

 Additional Paid-In- Capital 

 Retained Earnings 

 Treasury Stock 

 Deferred Compensation Trust 

 Deferred Compensation Liability 

 Total 

 Balance, December 31, 2010 
 
 $ 
 206 

 $ 
 951,234 

 $ 
 4,029,072 

 $ 
 (3,240,138 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (27,582 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 27,582 

 $ 
 1,740,374 

 Net income 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 129,420 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 129,420 

 Deferred compensation activity 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 2,001 

 (2,001 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Purchase of common stock for treasury 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (689,302 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (689,302 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation 

 &#151; 

 64,473 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 64,473 

 Tax benefit from equity benefit plan activity 

 &#151; 

 22,835 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 22,835 

 Proceeds from stock options exercised 

 &#151; 

 106,999 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 106,999 

 Treasury stock issued upon option exercise and restricted share vesting 

 &#151; 

 (72,762 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 72,762 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Balance, December 31, 2011 

 206 

 1,072,779 

 4,158,492 

 (3,856,678 
 ) 

 (25,581 
 ) 

 25,581 

 1,374,799 

 Net income 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 180,588 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 180,588 

 Deferred compensation activity 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 250 

 (250 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Purchase of common stock for treasury 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (227,281 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (227,281 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation 

 &#151; 

 64,841 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 64,841 

 Tax benefit from equity benefit plan activity 

 &#151; 

 14,319 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 14,319 

 Proceeds from stock options exercised 

 &#151; 

 73,211 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 73,211 

 Treasury stock issued upon option exercise and restricted share vesting 

 &#151; 

 (55,451 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 55,451 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Balance, December 31, 2012 

 206 

 1,169,699 

 4,339,080 

 (4,028,508 
 ) 

 (25,331 
 ) 

 25,331 

 1,480,477 

 Net income 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 266,477 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 266,477 

 Deferred compensation activity 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 7,590 

 (7,590 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Purchase of common stock for treasury 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (554,491 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 (554,491 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation 

 &#151; 

 34,296 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 34,296 

 Tax benefit from equity benefit plan activity 

 &#151; 

 20,636 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 20,636 

 Proceeds from stock options exercised 

 &#151; 

 13,957 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 13,957 

 Treasury stock issued upon option exercise and restricted share vesting 

 &#151; 

 (26,538 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 26,538 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Balance, December 31, 2013 
 
 $ 
 206 

 $ 
 1,212,050 

 $ 
 4,605,557 

 $ 
 (4,556,461 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (17,741 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 17,741 

 $ 
 1,261,352 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 54 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Cash flows from operating activities: 

 Net income 
 
 $ 
 266,477 

 $ 
 180,588 

 $ 
 129,420 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

 Depreciation and amortization 

 13,391 

 8,100 

 6,672 

 Excess income tax benefit from equity-based compensation 

 (20,636 
 ) 

 (14,319 
 ) 

 (22,835 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation expense 

 34,296 

 64,841 

 64,473 

 Contract land deposit (recoveries) impairments 

 (5,313 
 ) 

 (2,003 
 ) 

 11,241 

 Gain on sale of loans 

 (56,528 
 ) 

 (47,019 
 ) 

 (34,632 
 ) 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of fixed assets 

 269 

 (31 
 ) 

 (217 
 ) 
 
 Deferred tax (benefit) expense 

 (16,848 
 ) 

 11,843 

 23,732 

 Mortgage loans closed 

 (2,307,796 
 ) 

 (2,016,084 
 ) 

 (1,754,655 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans 

 2,335,726 

 2,122,749 

 1,716,966 

 Principal payments on mortgage loans held for sale 

 2,975 

 2,690 

 4,271 

 Distribution of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 5,676 

 4,232 

 2,347 

 Net change in assets and liabilities: 

 Increase in inventory 

 (52,861 
 ) 

 (97,750 
 ) 

 (99,527 
 ) 
 
 Increase in contract land deposits 

 (40,034 
 ) 

 (53,942 
 ) 

 (42,385 
 ) 
 
 (Increase) decrease in receivables 

 (260 
 ) 

 (1,818 
 ) 

 465 

 Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued expenses and customer deposits 

 114,456 

 110,396 

 (2,977 
 ) 
 
 Other, net 

 (2,768 
 ) 

 (8,089 
 ) 

 (896 
 ) 

 Net cash provided by operating activities 

 270,222 

 264,384 

 1,463 

 Cash flows from investing activities: 

 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

 (22,850 
 ) 

 (1,000 
 ) 

 (61,600 
 ) 
 
 Distribution of capital from unconsolidated joint ventures 

 6,782 

 4,692 

 10,653 

 Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

 (19,016 
 ) 

 (12,365 
 ) 

 (11,444 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 

 607 

 319 

 525 

 Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

 &#151; 

 (14,257 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Net cash used in investing activities 

 (34,477 
 ) 

 (22,611 
 ) 

 (61,866 
 ) 

 Cash flows from financing activities: 

 Purchase of treasury stock 

 (554,491 
 ) 

 (227,281 
 ) 

 (689,302 
 ) 
 
 Net repayments under note payable and credit lines 

 (642 
 ) 

 (856 
 ) 

 (90,476 
 ) 
 
 Repayments on loans assumed in acquisition 

 &#151; 

 (21,910 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Repayments under non-recourse debt related to consolidated variable interest entity 

 (4,314 
 ) 

 (6,566 
 ) 

 (7,958 
 ) 
 
 Borrowings under non-recourse debt related to consolidated variable interest entity 

 3,105 

 6,157 

 5,349 

 Distributions to partner in consolidated variable interest entity 

 (1,250 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 Excess income tax benefit from equity-based compensation 

 20,636 

 14,319 

 22,835 

 Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes due 2022 

 &#151; 

 598,962 

 &#151; 

 Debt issuance costs for Senior Notes due 2022 

 &#151; 

 (5,096 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

 13,957 

 73,211 

 106,999 

 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

 (522,999 
 ) 

 430,940 

 (652,553 
 ) 

 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

 (287,254 
 ) 

 672,713 

 (712,956 
 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 

 1,153,507 

 480,794 

 1,193,750 

 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year 
 
 $ 
 866,253 

 $ 
 1,153,507 

 $ 
 480,794 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

 Interest paid during the year, net of interest capitalized 
 
 $ 
 24,876 

 $ 
 1,041 

 $ 
 2,000 

 Income taxes paid during the year, net of refunds 
 
 $ 
 113,224 

 $ 
 59,604 

 $ 
 49,763 

 Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: 

 Increase in assets in connection with acquisition 
 
 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 55,759 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 Increase in liabilities in connection with acquisition 
 
 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 41,502 

 $ 
 &#151; 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 1. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVR, Inc. (&#147;NVR&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;) and its
subsidiaries and certain other entities in which the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary (see Notes 3 and 4 herein for additional information). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(&#147;GAAP&#148;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management continually evaluates the estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements and updates those estimates as necessary. In general, the Company&#146;s estimates
are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and other various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates made
by management. Reclassifications 
 Certain prior year amounts in the consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to 2013 presentation. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less. At December 31, 2013 and 2012,
$668 and $906, respectively, of cash related to a consolidated variable interest entity is included in &#147;Assets related to consolidated variable interest entity&#148; on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 The homebuilding segment had restricted cash of $20,563 and $19,661 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Restricted cash in both
2013 and 2012 was attributable to holding requirements related to outstanding letters of credit issued under the Company&#146;s letter of credit agreement as discussed further in Note 13 herein. In addition, restricted cash relates to customer
deposits for certain home sales. Restricted cash is recorded in &#147;Other assets&#148; in the homebuilding section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The mortgage banking segment had restricted cash of $2,860 and $2,089 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which included amounts
collected from customers for loans in process and closed mortgage loans held for sale. The mortgage banking segment&#146;s restricted cash is recorded in &#147;Other assets&#148; in the mortgage banking section of the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Homebuilding Inventory 
 The carrying value of inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost of lots and completed and uncompleted housing units
represent the accumulated actual cost of the units. Field 
 57 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
construction supervisors&#146; salaries and related direct overhead expenses are included in inventory costs. Interest costs are not capitalized into inventory, with the exception of land under
development, as applicable (see below). Upon settlement, the cost of the unit is expensed on a specific identification basis. Cost of production materials is determined on a first-in, first-out basis. 
 Sold inventory is evaluated for impairment based on the contractual selling price compared to the total estimated cost to construct. Unsold
inventory is evaluated for impairment by analyzing recent comparable sales prices within the applicable community compared to the costs incurred to date plus the expected costs to complete. Any calculated impairments are recorded immediately. 
 Contract Land Deposits 
 The Company purchases finished lots under fixed price purchase agreements that require deposits that may be forfeited if NVR fails to perform
under the contract. The deposits are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts and represent a percentage of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. 
 NVR maintains an allowance for losses on contract land deposits that reflects the Company&#146;s judgment of the present loss exposure in the
existing contract land deposit portfolio at the end of the reporting period. To analyze contract land deposit impairments, NVR utilizes an Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 450, Contingencies , loss contingency analysis that
is conducted each quarter. In addition to considering market and economic conditions, NVR assesses contract land deposit impairments on a community-by-community basis pursuant to the purchase contract terms, analyzing, as applicable, current sales
absorption levels, recent sales&#146; gross profit, the dollar differential between the contractual purchase price and the current market price for lots, a developer&#146;s financial stability, a developer&#146;s financial ability or willingness to
reduce lot prices to current market prices, and the contract&#146;s default status by either the Company or the developer along with an analysis of the expected outcome of any such default. 
 NVR&#146;s analysis is focused on whether the Company can sell houses profitably in a particular community in the current market with which
the Company is faced. Because the Company does not own the finished lots on which the Company has placed a contract land deposit, if the above analysis leads to a determination that the Company can&#146;t sell homes profitably at the current
contractual lot price, the Company then determines whether it will elect to default under the contract, forfeit the deposit and terminate the contract, or whether the Company will attempt to restructure the lot purchase contract, which may require
it to forfeit the deposit to obtain contract concessions from a developer. The Company also assesses whether impairment is present due to collectability issues resulting from a developer&#146;s non-performance because of financial or other
conditions. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company recognized pre-tax recoveries of approximately $5,300 and
$2,000, respectively, of contract land deposits previously determined to be uncollectible. For the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company incurred pre-tax charges of approximately $11,200 related to the impairment of contract land deposits.
These impairment recoveries and charges were recorded in cost of sales on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The contract land deposit asset on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is shown net of an approximate $59,800 and
$65,000 impairment valuation allowance at December 31, 2013, and 2012, respectively. 
 58 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Land Under Development 
 On a very limited basis, NVR directly acquires raw parcels of land already zoned for its intended use to develop into finished lots. Land under
development includes the land acquisition costs, direct improvement costs, capitalized interest, where applicable, and real estate taxes. 
 Land under development, including the land under development held by the Company&#146;s unconsolidated joint ventures and the related joint
venture investments, is reviewed for potential write-downs when impairment indicators are present. In addition to considering market and economic conditions, the Company assesses land under development impairments on a community-by-community basis,
analyzing, as applicable, current sales absorption levels, recent sales&#146; gross profit, and the dollar differential between the projected fully-developed cost of the lots and the current market price for lots. If indicators of impairment are
present for a community, NVR performs an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts, and if so, impairment charges are required to be recorded if the fair value
of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. For those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. The Company&#146;s
determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated future cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. NVR does not believe that any of the
land under development is impaired at this time. Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 Property, plant, and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is based on the estimated
useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method. Amortization of capital lease assets is included in depreciation expense. Model home furniture and fixtures are generally depreciated over a two-year period, office facilities and other
equipment are depreciated over a period from three to ten years, production facilities are depreciated over periods of from five to forty years and property under capital leases is depreciated in a manner consistent with the Company&#146;s
depreciation policy for owned assets, or the lease-term if shorter. Intangible Assets 
 Reorganization value in excess of identifiable assets (&#147;excess reorganization value&#148;) is an indefinite-lived intangible asset that
was created upon NVR&#146;s emergence from bankruptcy on September 30, 1993. Based on the allocation of the reorganization value, the portion of the reorganization value which was not attributed to specific tangible or intangible assets has
been reported as excess reorganization value, which is treated similarly to goodwill. Excess reorganization value is not subject to amortization. Rather, excess reorganization value is subject to an impairment assessment on an annual basis or more
frequently if changes in events or circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Because excess reorganization value was based on the reorganization value of NVR&#146;s entire enterprise upon bankruptcy emergence, the impairment
assessment is conducted on an enterprise basis based on the comparison of NVR&#146;s total shareholders&#146; equity compared to the market value of NVR&#146;s outstanding publicly-traded common stock. The Company completed its annual assessment of
impairment and management determined that there was no impairment of excess reorganization value. On December 31, 2012, the Company
acquired substantially all of the assets of Heartland Homes, Inc. The acquisition resulted in the Company recording finite-lived intangible assets and goodwill in the amounts of $8,778 and $441, respectively. The Company completed its annual
assessment for 
 59 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
impairment of goodwill and management determined that there was no impairment. As of December 31, 2013, the goodwill value was $441. As of December 31, 2013, finite-lived intangible
assets attributable to the Heartland Homes, Inc. acquisition totaled $6,306. The remaining finite-lived intangible assets will be amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average life of 5 years. See Note 16 herein for additional
information regarding the acquisition. Warranty/Product Liability Accruals 
 The Company establishes warranty and product liability reserves to provide for estimated future expenses as a result of construction and
product defects, product recalls and litigation incidental to NVR&#146;s homebuilding business. Liability estimates are determined based on management&#146;s judgment considering such factors as historical experience, the likely current cost of
corrective action, manufacturers&#146; and subcontractors&#146; participation in sharing the cost of corrective action, consultations with third party experts such as engineers, and discussions with the Company&#146;s General Counsel and outside
counsel retained to handle specific product liability cases. Mortgage Loans Held for Sale, Derivatives and Hedging Activities
 NVR originates several different loan products to its customers to finance the purchase of a home through its wholly-owned
mortgage subsidiary. NVR sells all of the loans it originates into the secondary market on a servicing released basis, typically within 30 days from origination. All of the loans that the Company originates are underwritten to the standards and
specifications of the ultimate investor. Those underwriting standards are typically equal to or more stringent than the underwriting standards required by FNMA, VA and FHA. Insofar as the Company underwrites its originated loans to those standards,
the Company bears no increased concentration of credit risk from the issuance of loans, except in certain limited instances where early payment default occurs. The Company employs a quality control department to ensure that its underwriting controls
are effectively operating, and further assesses the underwriting function as part of its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. The Company maintains an allowance for losses on mortgage loans originated that reflects NVR&#146;s
judgment of the present loss exposure in the loans that it has originated and sold. The allowance is calculated based on an analysis of historical experience and exposure (see Note 15 herein for further information). 
 Mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value at closing and thereafter are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, net of
deferred origination costs, until sold. In the normal course of business, NVR&#146;s mortgage banking segment enters into contractual
commitments to extend credit to buyers of single-family homes with fixed expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers &#147;lock-in&#148; a specified interest rate within time frames established by NVR. All mortgagors are
evaluated for credit worthiness prior to the extension of the commitment. Market risk arises if interest rates move adversely between the time of the &#147;lock-in&#148; of rates by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to a broker/dealer. To
mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, the Company enters into optional or mandatory delivery forward sale contracts to sell whole loans and mortgage-backed securities to
broker/dealers. The forward sale contracts lock in an interest rate and price for the sale of loans similar to the specific rate lock commitments. NVR does not engage in speculative or trading derivative activities. Both the rate lock commitments to
borrowers and the forward sale contracts to broker/dealers are undesignated derivatives, and, accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. At December 31, 2013, there were contractual commitments to extend credit to borrowers
aggregating $243,084, and open forward delivery sale contracts aggregating $430,859. See Note 14 herein for a description of the Company&#146;s fair value accounting calculation. 
 60 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Earnings per Share 
 The following weighted average shares and share equivalents were used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate basic EPS 

 4,737,124 

 5,011,058 

 5,469,159 

 Dilutive securities: 

 Stock options and restricted share units 

 124,578 

 130,471 

 154,658 

 Weighted average number of shares and share equivalents outstanding used to calculate diluted EPS 

 4,861,702 

 5,141,529 

 5,623,817 

 The assumed proceeds used in the treasury method for calculating NVR&#146;s diluted earnings per share
includes the amount the employee must pay upon exercise, the amount of compensation cost attributed to future services not yet recognized and the amount of tax benefits that would be credited or charged to additional paid-in-capital assuming
exercise of the stock option or vesting of the restricted share unit. The assumed amount credited to additional paid-in-capital equals the tax benefit from assumed exercise of stock options or the assumed vesting of restricted share units after
consideration of the intrinsic value upon assumed exercise or vesting less the actual stock-based compensation expense to be recognized in the income statement. 
 Stock options and restricted share units issued under equity benefit plans to purchase 156,712; 194,416 and 467,367 shares of common stock
were outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Revenues &#150; Homebuilding Operations 
 NVR builds single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium buildings, which generally are constructed on a pre-sold basis for the
ultimate customer. Revenues are recognized at the time the unit is settled and title passes to the customer, adequate cash payment has been received and there is no continuing involvement. In situations where the buyer&#146;s financing is originated
by NVR Mortgage Finance, Inc. (&#147;NVRM&#148;), a wholly-owned subsidiary of NVR, and the buyer has not made an adequate initial or continuing investment as prescribed by GAAP, the profit on such settlement is deferred until the sale of the
related loan to a third-party investor has been completed. Mortgage Banking Fees 
 Mortgage banking fees include income earned by NVRM for originating mortgage loans, servicing mortgage loans held on an interim basis, title
fees, gains and losses on the sale of mortgage loans and mortgage servicing and other activities incidental to mortgage banking. Mortgage banking fees are generally recognized after the loan has been sold to an unaffiliated, third party investor.
 
 61 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on the deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date. ASC 740-10, Income Taxes , provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is
more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. If a tax position does not meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, despite the Company&#146;s belief that its filing position is supportable, the benefit of that tax position is not recognized in the statements of income. The Company recognizes interest related to
unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Based on its historical experience in dealing with various taxing authorities, the Company has found that it is the administrative practice of the taxing authorities to not seek
penalties from the Company for the tax positions it has taken on its returns, related to its unrecognized tax benefits. Therefore, the Company does not accrue penalties for the positions in which it has an unrecognized tax benefit. However, if such
penalties were to be accrued, they would be recorded as a component of income tax expense. The Company recognizes unrecognized tax benefits in the period that the uncertainty is eliminated by either affirmative agreement of the uncertain tax
position by the applicable taxing authority, by expiration of the applicable statute of limitation, or by determination in accordance with certain states&#146; administrative practices that the uncertain tax position has been effectively settled
(see Note 11 herein for further information). Financial Instruments 
 Except as otherwise noted herein, NVR believes that insignificant differences exist between the carrying value and the fair value of its
financial instruments (see Note 14 herein for further information). Stock-Based Compensation 
 The company accounts for its stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation &#150; Stock Compensation. ASC 718
requires an entity to recognize an expense within its income statement for all share-based payment arrangements, which includes employee stock option and restricted share unit plans. The expense is based on the grant-date fair value of the stock
options and restricted share units granted, and is recognized ratably over the requisite service period. The Company calculates the fair value of its non-publicly traded, employee stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The grant
date fair value of the restricted share units is the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant. The Company&#146;s equity-based compensation programs are accounted for as equity-classified
awards. See Note 12 herein for further discussion of stock-based compensation plans. Comprehensive Income 
 For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, comprehensive income equaled net income; therefore, a separate statement of
comprehensive income is not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 There have not been any pronouncements issued and implemented during 2013 that had a material impact on the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial statements. 

 2. 
 Segment Information, Nature of Operations, and Certain Concentrations 
 NVR&#146;s homebuilding operations primarily construct and sell single-family detached homes, townhomes and condominium
buildings under four trade names: Ryan Homes, NVHomes, Fox Ridge Homes and Heartland Homes. The Ryan Homes and Fox Ridge Homes products are marketed primarily to first-time and first-time move-up buyers. Ryan Homes operates in twenty-seven
metropolitan areas located in Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C., West Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Ohio, New Jersey, Delaware, Indiana, Illinois and Tennessee. Fox Ridge Homes operates in the
Nashville, TN metropolitan area. The NVHomes and Heartland Homes products are marketed primarily to move-up and up-scale buyers. NVHomes operates in Delaware and the Washington, D.C., Baltimore, MD, Philadelphia, PA and Raleigh, NC metropolitan
areas. Heartland Homes operates in the Pittsburgh, PA metropolitan area. NVR derived approximately 31% and 15% of its 2013 homebuilding revenues from the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, MD metropolitan areas, respectively. 
 NVR&#146;s mortgage banking segment is a regional mortgage banking operation. Substantially all of the mortgage banking segment&#146;s loan
closing activity is for NVR&#146;s homebuilding customers. NVR&#146;s mortgage banking business generates revenues primarily from origination fees, gains on sales of loans, and title fees. A substantial portion of the Company&#146;s mortgage
operations is conducted in the Washington, D.C. and Baltimore, MD metropolitan areas. The following disclosure includes four homebuilding
reportable segments that aggregate geographically the Company&#146;s homebuilding operating segments, and the mortgage banking operations presented as a single reportable segment. The homebuilding reportable segments are comprised of operating
divisions in the following geographic areas: Mid Atlantic &#150; Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Delaware and Washington, D.C. 
 North East &#150; New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania 
 Mid East &#150; New York, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Indiana and Illinois 
 South East &#150; North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Tennessee 
 Homebuilding profit before tax includes all revenues and income generated from the sale of homes, less the cost of homes sold, selling,
general and administrative expenses, and a corporate capital allocation charge. The corporate capital allocation charge eliminates in consolidation, is based on the segment&#146;s average net assets employed, and is charged using a consistent
methodology in the years presented. The corporate capital allocation charged to the operating segment allows the Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#147;CODM&#148;) to determine whether the operating segment&#146;s results are providing the desired
rate of return after covering the Company&#146;s cost of capital. In addition, certain assets including goodwill and intangible assets, and consolidation adjustments as discussed further below, are not allocated to the operating segments as those
assets are not included in the operating segment&#146;s corporate capital allocation charge, nor in the CODM&#146;s evaluation of the operating segment&#146;s performance. The 
 63 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Company records charges on contract land deposits when it is determined that it is probable that recovery of
the deposit is impaired. For segment reporting purposes, impairments on contract land deposits are charged to the operating segment upon the determination to terminate a finished lot purchase agreement with the developer, or to restructure a lot
purchase agreement resulting in the forfeiture of the deposit. Mortgage banking profit before tax consists of revenues generated from mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services, less the costs of such services and general and
administrative costs. Mortgage banking operations are not charged a capital allocation charge. In addition to the corporate capital
allocation and contract land deposit impairments discussed above, the other reconciling items between segment profit and consolidated profit before tax include unallocated corporate overhead (including all management incentive compensation),
equity-based compensation expense, consolidation adjustments and external corporate interest expense. NVR&#146;s overhead functions, such as accounting, treasury and human resources are centrally performed and the costs are not allocated to the
Company&#146;s operating segments. Consolidation adjustments consist of such items necessary to convert the reportable segments&#146; results, which are predominantly maintained on a cash basis, to a full accrual basis for external financial
statement presentation purposes, and are not allocated to the Company&#146;s operating segments. Likewise, equity-based compensation expense is not charged to the operating segments. External corporate interest expense is primarily comprised of
interest charges on the Company&#146;s 3.95% Senior Notes due 2022 (the &#147;Senior Notes&#148;) and is not charged to the operating segments because the charges are included in the corporate capital allocation discussed above. 
 Following are tables presenting segment revenues, profit, assets, interest income, interest expense, depreciation and amortization and
expenditures for property and equipment, with reconciliations to the amounts reported for the consolidated enterprise, where applicable: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Revenues: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 2,439,387 

 $ 
 1,877,905 

 $ 
 1,582,826 

 Homebuilding North East 

 332,681 

 278,715 

 221,146 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 908,198 

 630,367 

 549,384 

 Homebuilding South East 

 454,215 

 334,257 

 257,839 

 Mortgage Banking 

 76,786 

 63,406 

 47,954 

 Total consolidated revenues 
 
 $ 
 4,211,267 

 $ 
 3,184,650 

 $ 
 2,659,149 

 64 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Profit: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 276,399 

 $ 
 189,089 

 $ 
 148,373 

 Homebuilding North East 

 14,294 

 21,529 

 13,463 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 55,537 

 39,847 

 27,194 

 Homebuilding South East 

 35,001 

 20,674 

 14,162 

 Mortgage Banking 

 42,075 

 38,135 

 26,102 

 Total segment profit 

 423,306 

 309,274 

 229,294 

 Contract land deposit reserve adjustment (1) 

 5,313 

 5,333 

 (2,878 
 ) 
 
 Equity-based compensation expense (2) 

 (34,296 
 ) 

 (64,841 
 ) 

 (64,473 
 ) 
 
 Corporate capital allocation (3) 

 116,457 

 91,507 

 71,226 

 Unallocated corporate overhead (4) 

 (72,703 
 ) 

 (70,258 
 ) 

 (45,355 
 ) 
 
 Consolidation adjustments and other 

 2,362 

 10,858 

 20,477 

 Corporate interest expense (5) 

 (21,743 
 ) 

 (6,796 
 ) 

 (715 
 ) 

 Reconciling items sub-total 

 (4,610 
 ) 

 (34,197 
 ) 

 (21,718 
 ) 

 Consolidated income before taxes 
 
 $ 
 418,696 

 $ 
 275,077 

 $ 
 207,576 

 As of December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Assets: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 797,642 

 $ 
 726,335 

 Homebuilding North East 

 84,958 

 64,568 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 172,167 

 166,859 

 Homebuilding South East 

 106,389 

 85,521 

 Mortgage Banking 

 253,421 

 215,225 

 Total segment assets 

 1,414,577 

 1,258,508 

 Consolidated variable interest entity 

 7,268 

 15,626 

 Cash and cash equivalents 

 844,274 

 1,139,103 

 Deferred taxes 

 162,378 

 145,618 

 Intangible assets and goodwill 

 55,674 

 58,146 

 Contract land deposit reserve 

 (59,761 
 ) 

 (65,039 
 ) 
 
 Consolidation adjustments and other 

 61,738 

 52,880 

 Reconciling items sub-total 

 1,071,571 

 1,346,334 

 Consolidated assets 
 
 $ 
 2,486,148 

 $ 
 2,604,842 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Interest Income: 

 Mortgage Banking 
 
 $ 
 4,983 

 $ 
 4,504 

 $ 
 5,702 

 Total segment interest income 

 4,983 

 4,504 

 5,702 

 Other unallocated interest income 

 2,319 

 1,388 

 3,202 

 Consolidated interest income 
 
 $ 
 7,302 

 $ 
 5,892 

 $ 
 8,904 

 65 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Interest Expense: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 72,351 

 $ 
 59,310 

 $ 
 48,971 

 Homebuilding North East 

 9,466 

 8,196 

 5,776 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 22,587 

 15,043 

 11,080 

 Homebuilding South East 

 12,151 

 9,145 

 5,701 

 Mortgage Banking 

 545 

 546 

 875 

 Total segment interest expense 

 117,100 

 92,240 

 72,403 

 Corporate capital allocation 

 (116,457 
 ) 

 (91,507 
 ) 

 (71,226 
 ) 
 
 Senior notes and other interest 

 21,742 

 6,796 

 715 

 Consolidated interest expense 
 
 $ 
 22,385 

 $ 
 7,529 

 $ 
 1,892 

 Depreciation and Amortization: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 4,784 

 $ 
 3,886 

 $ 
 3,353 

 Homebuilding North East 

 853 

 631 

 409 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 1,911 

 1,473 

 1,398 

 Homebuilding South East 

 1,008 

 808 

 729 

 Mortgage Banking 

 669 

 397 

 295 

 Total segment depreciation and amortization 

 9,225 

 7,195 

 6,184 

 Unallocated corporate 

 4,166 

 905 

 488 

 Consolidated depreciation and amortization 
 
 $ 
 13,391 

 $ 
 8,100 

 $ 
 6,672 

 Expenditures for Property and Equipment: 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 7,947 

 $ 
 3,595 

 $ 
 3,784 

 Homebuilding North East 

 1,454 

 1,703 

 424 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 3,282 

 1,886 

 5,611 

 Homebuilding South East 

 2,662 

 1,260 

 369 

 Mortgage Banking 

 2,933 

 1,169 

 1,049 

 Total segment expenditures for property and equipment 

 18,278 

 9,613 

 11,237 

 Unallocated corporate 

 738 

 2,752 

 207 

 Consolidated expenditures for property and equipment 
 
 $ 
 19,016 

 $ 
 12,365 

 $ 
 11,444 

 (1) 
 This item represents changes to the contract land deposit impairment reserve, which are not allocated to the reportable segments. 

 (2) 
 Equity-based compensation expense is lower in 2013 due to RSUs issued in 2010 under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan becoming fully vested effective December 31, 2012 and an approximate $7,900 pre-tax compensation
expense reversal attributable to an adjustment of the option forfeiture rates based on the Company&#146;s actual forfeiture experience. These reductions were partially offset by equity-based compensation expense incurred in 2013 related to RSUs
issued in May 2013 under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 66 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 (3) 
 This item represents the elimination of the corporate capital allocation charge included in the respective homebuilding reportable segments. The corporate capital allocation charge is based on the segment&#146;s monthly
average asset balance, and was as follows for the years presented: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Homebuilding Mid Atlantic 
 
 $ 
 72,271 

 $ 
 59,144 

 $ 
 48,697 

 Homebuilding North East 

 9,461 

 8,187 

 5,763 

 Homebuilding Mid East 

 22,580 

 15,039 

 11,074 

 Homebuilding South East 

 12,145 

 9,137 

 5,692 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 116,457 

 $ 
 91,507 

 $ 
 71,226 

 (4) 
 The increase in unallocated corporate overhead in 2012 from 2011 was attributable to increased management incentive costs year over year. 

 (5) 
 Corporate interest expense is attributable primarily to interest on the Senior Notes which were issued in the third quarter of 2012. 

 3. 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 Fixed Price Purchase Agreements 
 NVR generally does not engage in the land development business. Instead, the Company typically acquires finished building lots at market prices
from various development entities under fixed price purchase agreements. The purchase agreements require deposits that may be forfeited if NVR fails to perform under the agreement. The deposits required under the purchase agreements are in the form
of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts, and typically range up to 10% of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. NVR
believes this lot acquisition strategy reduces the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and land development. NVR may, at its option, choose for any reason and at any time not to perform under these purchase
agreements by delivering notice of its intent not to acquire the finished lots under contract. NVR&#146;s sole legal obligation and economic loss for failure to perform under these purchase agreements is limited to the amount of the deposit pursuant
to the liquidated damage provisions contained within the purchase agreements. In other words, if NVR does not perform under a purchase agreement, NVR loses only its deposit. None of the creditors of any of the development entities with which NVR
enters fixed price purchase agreements have recourse to the general credit of NVR. NVR generally does not have any specific performance obligations to purchase a certain number or any of the lots, nor does NVR guarantee completion of the development
by the developer or guarantee any of the developers&#146; financial or other liabilities. NVR is not involved in the design or creation
of any of the development entities from which the Company purchases lots under fixed price purchase agreements. The developer&#146;s equity holders have the power to direct 100% of the operating activities of the development entity. NVR has no
voting rights in any of the development entities. The sole purpose of the development entity&#146;s activities is to generate positive cash flow returns to the equity holders. Further, NVR does not share in any of the profit or loss generated by the
project&#146;s development. The profits and losses are passed directly to the developer&#146;s equity holders. The deposit placed by NVR
pursuant to the fixed price purchase agreement is deemed to be a variable interest in the respective development entities. Those development entities are deemed to be variable interest entities (&#147;VIE&#148;). Therefore, the development entities
with which NVR enters fixed price 
 67 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
purchase agreements, including the joint venture limited liability corporations, as discussed below, are evaluated for possible consolidation by NVR. An enterprise must consolidate a VIE when
that enterprise has a controlling financial interest in the VIE. An enterprise is deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it has i) the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact the
entity&#146;s economic performance, and ii) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE or the rights to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. 
 NVR believes the activities that most significantly impact a development entity&#146;s economic performance are the operating activities of
the entity. Unless and until a development entity completes finished building lots through the development process to be able to sell, the process of which the development entities&#146; equity investors bear the full risk, the entity does not earn
any revenues. The operating development activities are managed solely by the development entity&#146;s equity investors. The development
entities with which NVR contracts to buy finished lots typically select the respective projects, obtain the necessary zoning approvals, obtain the financing required with no support or guarantees from NVR, select who will purchase the finished lots
and at what price, and manage the completion of the infrastructure improvements, all for the purpose of generating a cash flow return to the development entity&#146;s equity holders and all independent of NVR. The Company possesses no more than
limited protective legal rights through the purchase agreement in the specific finished lots that it is purchasing, and NVR possesses no participative rights in the development entities. Accordingly, NVR does not have the power to direct the
activities of a developer that most significantly impact the developer&#146;s economic performance. For this reason, NVR has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of the development entities with which the Company enters fixed price
purchase agreements, and therefore, NVR does not consolidate any of these VIEs. As of December 31, 2013, NVR controlled
approximately 58,100 lots through fixed price purchase agreements with deposits in cash and letters of credit totaling $296,646 and $2,459, respectively. As noted above, NVR&#146;s sole legal obligation and economic loss for failure to perform under
these purchase agreements is limited to the amount of the deposit pursuant to the liquidated damage provisions contained within the purchase agreements and in very limited circumstances, specific performance obligations. NVR&#146;s total risk of
loss related to contract land deposits as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 was as follows: 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Contract land deposits 
 
 $ 
 296,646 

 $ 
 256,577 

 Loss reserve on contract land deposits 

 (59,761 
 ) 

 (65,039 
 ) 

 Contract land deposits, net 

 236,885 

 191,538 

 Contingent obligations in the form of letters of credit 

 2,459 

 3,338 

 Contingent specific performance obligations (1) 

 1,707 

 7,047 

 Total risk of loss 
 
 $ 
 241,051 

 $ 
 201,923 

 (1) 
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company was committed to purchase 13 and 71 finished lots under specific performance obligations, respectively. 
 68 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 4. 
 Joint Ventures 
 On a limited basis, NVR also obtains finished lots using joint venture limited liability corporations (&#147;JVs&#148;). The
Company&#146;s JVs are typically structured such that NVR is a non-controlling member and is at risk only for the amount the Company has invested, in addition to any deposits placed under fixed price purchase agreements with the joint venture. NVR
is not a borrower, guarantor or obligor on any debt of the JVs, as applicable. The Company enters into a standard fixed price purchase agreement to purchase lots from these JVs, and as a result has a variable interest in these JVs. 
 At December 31, 2013, the Company had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $92,700 in four JVs that are expected to produce
approximately 9,300 finished lots, of which approximately 3,400 were not under contract with NVR. In addition, NVR had additional funding commitments in the aggregate totaling $11,850 to two of the JVs at December 31, 2013. NVR invested an
additional $11,000 during the first quarter of 2013 in the Company&#146;s existing JV with Morgan Stanley Real Estate Investing and invested $11,850 during the fourth quarter of 2013 in a newly formed JV with an unrelated party. The newly formed JV
is expected to produce approximately 1,300 lots with approximately 50% of those lots being sold to the Company. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of three of the JVs because NVR and the other JV partner either share
power or the other JV partner has the controlling financial interest. The aggregate investment in unconsolidated JVs was approximately $90,500 and $74,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and is reported in the &#147;Other
assets&#148; line item on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the remaining JV, NVR has concluded that it is the primary beneficiary because the Company has the controlling financial interest in the JV. The condensed balance sheets at
December 31, 2013 and 2012 of the consolidated JV were as follows: 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Cash 
 
 $ 
 668 

 $ 
 906 

 Restricted cash 

 248 

 505 

 Other assets 

 542 

 833 

 Land under development 

 5,810 

 13,382 

 Total assets 
 
 $ 
 7,268 

 $ 
 15,626 

 Debt 
 
 $ 
 3,365 

 $ 
 4,574 

 Accrued expenses 

 862 

 935 

 Equity 

 3,041 

 10,117 

 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 $ 
 7,268 

 $ 
 15,626 

 At December 31, 2012, the Company had an aggregate investment totaling approximately $82,900 in four JVs
that were expected to produce approximately 7,400 finished lots, of which approximately 2,800 were not under contract with NVR. In addition, at December 31, 2012, NVR had additional funding commitments in the aggregate totaling $5,000 to one of
the JVs. Distributions received from joint ventures are considered operating cash flows within the accompanying statements of cash flows
to the extent of NVR&#146;s cumulative share of joint venture income. Any distributions received in excess of that amount are considered a return of capital, and are classified as cash flows from investing activities. 
 69 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 5. 
 Land Under Development 
 As of December 31, 2013, NVR directly owned five separate raw parcels of land with a carrying value of $41,328 that it
intends to develop into approximately 650 finished lots primarily for use in its homebuilding operations. Of the total finished lots, 125 lots are under contract to be sold to an unrelated party under lot purchase agreements. The Company sold 15
lots to an unrelated party in 2013 at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2,600. The Company capitalizes interest costs to land under development during the active development of finished lots. See Note 6 for further discussion of
capitalized interest. None of the raw parcels had any indicators of impairment as of December 31, 2013. Based on current market conditions, NVR may, on a limited basis, directly acquire additional raw parcels to develop into finished lots. As
of December 31, 2012, NVR directly owned three separate raw parcels of land with a carrying value of $68,336 and expected to produce approximately 700 finished lots. 

 6. 
 Capitalized Interest 
 The Company capitalizes interest costs to land under development during the active development of finished lots. In
addition, the Company capitalizes interest costs to its joint venture investments while the investments are considered qualified assets pursuant to ASC 835-20, Interest . Capitalized interest is transferred to sold or unsold inventory as the
development of finished lots is completed, then charged to cost of sales upon the Company&#146;s settlement of homes and the respective lots. Interest incurred during the period in excess of the interest capitalizable based on the level of qualified
assets is expensed in the period incurred. NVR&#146;s interest costs incurred, capitalized, expensed and charged to cost of sales during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was as follows: 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Interest capitalized, beginning of period 
 
 $ 
 893 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 Interest incurred 

 25,048 

 8,422 

 Interest charged to interest expense 

 (22,385 
 ) 

 (7,529 
 ) 
 
 Interest charged to cost of sales 

 (262 
 ) 

 &#151; 

 Interest capitalized, end of period 
 
 $ 
 3,294 

 $ 
 893 

 There was no interest capitalized or charged to cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

 7. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 During the year ended December 31, 2013, NVR entered into fixed price purchase agreements to purchase finished building
lots for a total purchase price of approximately $41,300 with Elm Street Development, Inc. (&#147;Elm Street&#148;), which is controlled by one of the Company&#146;s directors, Mr. Moran. The independent members of the Company&#146;s Board of
Directors approved these transactions. During 2013, 2012 and 2011, NVR purchased developed lots at market prices from Elm Street for approximately $38,400, $54,600 and $36,100, respectively. The Company also continues to control a parcel of raw land
expected to yield approximately 2,400 finished lots through a joint venture entered into with Elm Street during 2009. NVR did not make any additional capital contributions to that joint venture in 2013 or 2012. Further, during 2013, 2012 and 2011,
the Company paid Elm Street $143 per year to manage the development of a property that the Company purchased from Elm Street in 2010. 
 70 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 8. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Homebuilding: 

 Office facilities and other 
 
 $ 
 19,547 

 $ 
 18,040 

 Model home furniture and fixtures 

 22,432 

 18,330 

 Production facilities 

 39,396 

 35,983 

 Property under capital leases 

 3,976 

 3,976 

 85,351 

 76,329 

 Less: accumulated depreciation 

 (52,752 
 ) 

 (49,313 
 ) 

 $ 
 32,599 

 $ 
 27,016 

 Mortgage Banking: 

 Office facilities and other 
 
 $ 
 8,118 

 $ 
 5,856 

 Less: accumulated depreciation 

 (3,419 
 ) 

 (3,391 
 ) 

 $ 
 4,699 

 $ 
 2,465 

 Certain property, plant and equipment listed above is collateral for certain debt of NVR is more fully
described in Note 9 herein. 

 9. 
 Debt 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Homebuilding: 

 Other term debt: 

 Capital lease obligations due in monthly installments through 2014 (a) 
 
 $ 
 115 

 $ 
 757 

 Senior notes (b) 
 
 $ 
 599,075 

 $ 
 598,988 

 Mortgage Banking: 

 Master repurchase agreement (c) 
 
 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 (a) 
 The capital lease obligation has a fixed interest rate of 13.0% and is collateralized by buildings and equipment with a net book value of approximately $47 and $309 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The
capital lease terminates in March 2014. Future lease payments in 2014 total $117, $2 of which represents interest. 

 (b) 
 On September 10, 2012, NVR completed an offering for $600,000 of Senior Notes under a shelf registration statement filed on September 5,
2012 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;). The Senior Notes were issued at a discount to yield 3.97% and have been reflected net of the unamortized discount in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. The offering of
the Senior Notes resulted in aggregate net proceeds of approximately $593,900, after deducting underwriting discounts and other offering expenses. The Senior Notes mature on September 15, 2022 and bear interest at 3.95%, payable semi-annually
in arrears on March 15 and September 15, commencing on March 15, 2013. The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank 
 71 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

equally in right of payment with any of NVR&#146;s existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness, will rank senior in right of payment to any of NVR&#146;s future indebtedness that is by its
terms expressly subordinated to the Senior Notes and will be effectively subordinated to any of NVR&#146;s existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. The indenture governing the
Senior Notes has, among other items, and subject to certain exceptions, covenants that restrict the Company&#146;s ability to create, incur, assume or guarantee secured debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions and conditions related to
mergers and/or the sale of assets. 

 (c) 
 On July 31, 2013, NVRM renewed and amended its revolving mortgage repurchase agreement with U.S. Bank National Association (the &#147;Repurchase Agreement&#148;). The purpose of the Repurchase Agreement is to
finance the origination of mortgage loans by NVRM. The Repurchase Agreement provides for loan purchases up to $25,000, subject to certain sub limits. The Repurchase Agreement expires on July 30, 2014. 
 Advances under the Repurchase Agreement carry a Pricing Rate based on the LIBOR Rate plus the LIBOR Margin, or the Default Pricing Rate, as
determined under the Repurchase Agreement, provided that the Pricing Rate shall not be less than 3.00%. There are several restrictions on purchased loans, including that they cannot be sold to others, they cannot be pledged to anyone other than the
agent, and they cannot support any other borrowing or repurchase agreement. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, there was no debt outstanding under the Repurchase Agreement. There were no borrowing base limitations at December 31, 2013. 
 The Repurchase Agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants. The negative covenants include, among others, certain limitations
on transactions involving acquisitions, mergers, the incurrence of debt, sale of assets and creation of liens upon any of its Mortgage Notes. Additional covenants include (i) a tangible net worth requirement, (ii) a minimum liquidity
requirement, (iii) a minimum net income requirement, and (iv) a maximum leverage ratio requirement. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Repurchase Agreement at December 31, 2013. 
 * * * * * Maturities with
respect to the Company&#146;s debt as of December 31, 2013 are as follows: 

 Year Ending December 31, 

 2014 
 
 $ 
 115 

 2015 

 &#151; 

 2016 

 &#151; 

 2017 

 &#151; 

 2018 

 &#151; 

 Thereafter 

 600,000 

 Total 
 
 $ 
 600,115 

 72 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 10. 
 Common Stock 
 There were 4,433,725 and 4,914,130 common shares outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of
December 31, 2013, NVR had reacquired a total of approximately 23,300,000 shares of NVR common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $5,308,000 since December 31, 1993. The Company made the following share repurchases during the
years indicated: 

 Number of Shares 

 Aggregate Purchase Price 

 2013 

 581,387 

 $ 
 554,491 

 2012 

 285,495 

 $ 
 227,281 

 2011 

 1,017,588 

 $ 
 689,302 
 
 Since 1999, the Company has issued shares from the treasury for all stock option exercises. There have been
approximately 7,164,000 common shares reissued from the treasury in satisfaction of stock option exercises and other employee benefit obligations. The Company issued 101,850; 221,992 and 333,380 such shares during 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

 11. 
 Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes consists of the following: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Current: 

 Federal 
 
 $ 
 137,675 

 $ 
 76,599 

 $ 
 45,112 

 State 

 30,352 

 3,066 

 8,004 

 Deferred: 

 Federal 

 (13,402 
 ) 

 13,086 

 21,492 

 State 

 (2,406 
 ) 

 1,738 

 3,548 

 $ 
 152,219 

 $ 
 94,489 

 $ 
 78,156 

 In addition to amounts applicable to income before taxes, the following income tax benefits were recorded in
shareholders&#146; equity: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Income tax benefits arising from compensation expense for tax purposes in excess of amounts recognized for financial statement
purposes 
 
 $ 
 20,636 

 $ 
 14,319 

 $ 
 22,835 

 73 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Deferred income taxes on NVR&#146;s consolidated balance sheets were comprised of the
following: 

 December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Deferred tax assets: 

 Other accrued expenses and contract land deposit reserve 
 
 $ 
 90,372 

 $ 
 77,475 

 Deferred compensation 

 8,049 

 10,923 

 Equity-based compensation expense 

 35,298 

 26,151 

 Inventory 

 11,099 

 10,914 

 Unrecognized tax benefit 

 23,784 

 22,295 

 Other 

 4,200 

 5,606 

 Total deferred tax assets 

 172,802 

 153,364 

 Less: deferred tax liabilities 

 4,290 

 1,702 

 Net deferred tax position 
 
 $ 
 168,512 

 $ 
 151,662 

 Deferred tax assets arise principally as a result of various accruals required for financial reporting
purposes and equity-based compensation expense, which are not currently deductible for tax return purposes. Management believes that the
Company will have sufficient available carry-backs and future taxable income to make it more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. Federal taxable income is estimated to be $362,387 for the year ended December 31,
2013, and was $187,064 for the year ended December 31, 2012. A reconciliation of income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income to the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to income before taxes is as follows: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate 
 
 $ 
 146,544 

 $ 
 96,277 

 $ 
 72,652 

 State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

 18,210 

 3,226 

 7,974 

 Other, net 

 (12,535 
 ) 

 (5,014 
 ) 

 (2,470 
 ) 

 $ 
 152,219 

 $ 
 94,489 

 $ 
 78,156 

 The Company&#146;s effective tax rate in 2013, 2012 and 2011 was 36.36%, 34.35% and 37.65%, respectively.
During 2012, the Company reduced its provision for unrecognized tax benefits by $9,154, which reduced the 2012 effective tax rate. The reduction resulted from settlements with and an audit by certain taxing authorities during 2012 which led the
Company to update its evaluation of the administrative practice in other states for similar uncertain tax positions to determine whether the positions taken in those states were effectively settled. 
 The Company files a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as state and local tax returns in all jurisdictions where the Company
maintains operations. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2010. 
 74 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows: 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 Balance at beginning of year 
 
 $ 
 40,244 

 $ 
 45,049 

 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

 5,618 

 4,185 

 Reductions for tax positions of prior years 

 (2,066 
 ) 

 (8,928 
 ) 
 
 Settlements 

 &#151; 

 (62 
 ) 

 Balance at end of year 
 
 $ 
 43,796 

 $ 
 40,244 

 If recognized, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate (net of
the federal tax benefit) is $28,467. The Company recognizes interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax
expense. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $625. For the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recognized a net reversal of accrued interest on unrecognized
tax benefits in the amount of $4,116. For the year ended 2011, the Company accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $2,076. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had a total of $21,281 and $20,658, respectively, of
accrued interest on unrecognized tax benefits which are included in &#147;Accrued expenses and other liabilities&#148; on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Based on its historical experience in dealing with various taxing authorities,
the Company has found that it is the administrative practice of these authorities to not seek penalties from the Company for the tax positions it has taken on its returns, related to its unrecognized tax benefits. Therefore, the Company does not
accrue penalties for the positions in which it has an unrecognized tax benefit. However, if such penalties were to be accrued, they would be recorded as a component of income tax expense. 
 The Company believes that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2013
will be reduced by approximately $6,527 due to statute expiration and effectively settled positions in various state jurisdictions. The Company is currently under audit by the states of New York and Pennsylvania. 

 12. 
 Equity-Based Compensation, Profit Sharing and Deferred Compensation Plans 
 Equity-Based Compensation Plans 
 NVR&#146;s equity-based compensation plans provide for the granting of non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of NVR common stock
(&#147;Options&#148;) and restricted share units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) to key management employees, including executive officers and Board members, of the Company. The exercise price of Options granted is equal to the closing price of the
Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant, and RSUs are issued at a $0 exercise price. Options are granted for a ten-year term and typically vest in separate tranches over periods of 3 to 6
years, depending upon the plan from which the shares were granted, based solely on continued employment or continued service as a Director. RSUs generally vest in separate tranches over periods of 2 to 3 years, based solely on continued employment
or continued service as a Director. At December 31, 2013, there 
 75 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
was an aggregate of 667,036 options and 45,009 RSUs outstanding, and there were an additional 79,730 available shares to be granted under existing equity-based compensation plans. Of the
available shares to be granted, up to 48,476 shares may be granted in the form of RSUs. The following is a summary description of each of
the Company&#146;s equity-based compensation plans for any plan with grants outstanding at December 31, 2013: 

 &#149; 
 
 During 1996, the Company&#146;s shareholders approved the Board of Directors&#146; adoption of the Management Long-Term Stock Option Plan (the &#147;1996 Option Plan&#148;). There were 2,000,000 Options authorized under
the 1996 Option Plan. All Options were granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant. The outstanding Options expire 10 years after the
dates upon which they were granted, and were fully vested as of December 31, 2012. There are no grants remaining available to issue under the 1996 Option Plan. 

 &#149; 
 
 During 1999, the Company&#146;s shareholders approved the Board of Directors&#146; adoption of the 1998 Management Long-Term Stock Option Plan (the &#147;1998 Option Plan&#148;). There were 1,000,000 Options authorized
under the 1998 Option Plan. All Options were granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant. The Options expire 10 years after the dates
upon which they were granted, and are fully vested as of December 31, 2013. There are no grants remaining available to issue under the 1998 Option Plan. 

 &#149; 
 
 During 1999, the Company&#146;s shareholders approved the Board of Directors&#146; adoption of the 1998 Directors&#146; Long Term Stock Option Plan (the &#147;1998 Directors&#146; Plan&#148;). There were 150,000 Options
to purchase shares of common stock authorized for grant to the Company&#146;s outside directors under the 1998 Directors&#146; Plan. All Options were granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant. The outstanding Options were granted for a 10-year period and were fully vested as of December 31, 2012. There are no grants remaining available to issue under the 1998
Directors&#146; Plan. 

 &#149; 
 
 During 2000, the Board approved the 2000 Broadly-Based Stock Option Plan (the &#147;2000 Plan&#148;). The Company did not seek approval from its shareholders for the 2000 Plan. There were 2,000,000 Options authorized
under the 2000 Plan. All Options were granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant. Grants under the 2000 Plan were available to both
employees and members of the Board. Options granted under the 2000 Plan expire 10 years from the date of grant, and generally vest annually in 25% increments based on the date of grant. There are no grants remaining available to issue under the 2000
Plan. 

 &#149; 
 
 During 2010, the Company&#146;s shareholders approved the Board of Directors&#146; adoption of the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;2010 Equity
Plan&#148;). The 2010 Equity Plan authorizes the Company to issue Options and RSUs to key management 
 76 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

employees, including executive officers and Board members, to acquire up to an aggregate of 700,000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock. Of the 700,000 aggregate shares available to issue,
up to 240,000 may be granted in the form of RSUs. All Options are granted at an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the day prior to the date of grant, and all RSUs are
granted at a $0 exercise price. The Options are granted for a 10-year period. The RSUs initially granted under the 2010 Equity Plan vested annually in 50% increments beginning December 31, 2011, and the Options initially granted vest as to 50%
of the underlying shares in annual increments beginning on December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2013, there were 79,730 shares available to be granted under the 2010 Equity Plan, of which 48,476 may be granted as RSUs. 
 During 2013, the Company issued 121,724 Options and 35,491 RSUs under the 2010 Equity Plan. The exercise price of each Option granted was
equal to the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant, and each RSU was granted at a $0 exercise price. Each Option was granted for a term of ten (10) years from the date of grant.
Substantially all of the RSUs granted during 2013 under the 2010 Equity Plan will become 100% vested on December 31, 2015. Substantially all of the Options granted in 2013 will vest annually in 25% increments beginning on December 31,
2015. All Options and RSUs granted are subject to the grantee&#146;s continued employment or continued service as a Director, as applicable. 
 The following table provides additional information relative to NVR&#146;s equity-based compensation plans for the year ended
December 31, 2013: 

 Shares 

 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

 Weighted Average Remaining Contract Life (Years) 

 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

 Stock Options 

 Outstanding at beginning of period 

 639,078 

 $ 
 679.70 

 Granted 

 121,724 

 997.46 

 Exercised 

 (28,749 
 ) 

 515.98 

 Forfeited 

 (65,017 
 ) 

 726.49 

 Outstanding at end of period 

 667,036 

 $ 
 740.18 

 6.8 

 $ 
 190,660 

 Exercisable at end of period 

 274,786 

 $ 
 638.41 

 5.5 

 $ 
 106,507 

 RSUs (1) 

 Outstanding at beginning of period 

 82,619 

 Granted 

 35,491 

 Exercised 

 (73,101 
 ) 

 Outstanding at end of period 

 45,009 

 $ 
 46,180 

 Vested at end of period 

 4,885 

 $ 
 5,012 

 (1) 
 RSU grants were issued at a $0 exercise price. 
 77 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 To estimate the grant-date fair value of its stock options, the Company uses the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes model estimates the per share fair value of an option on its date of grant based on the following factors: the option&#146;s exercise price; the price of the underlying stock on the date of
grant; the estimated dividend yield; a &#147;risk-free&#148; interest rate; the estimated option term; and the expected volatility. For the &#147;risk-free&#148; interest rate, the Company uses a U.S. Treasury Strip due in a number of years equal to
the option&#146;s expected term. NVR has concluded that its historical exercise experience is the best estimate of future exercise patterns to determine an option&#146;s expected term. To estimate expected volatility, NVR analyzed the historic
volatility of its common stock over a period equal to the option&#146;s expected term. The fair value of the Options granted during 2013, 2012 and 2011 were estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the
following assumptions: 

 2013 
 
 2012 
 
 2011 

 Estimated option life 
 
 5.20 years 
 
 4.95 years 
 
 4.79 years 
 
 Risk free interest rate (range) 
 
 0.42% - 2.10% 
 
 0.35% - 1.84% 
 
 0.44% - 2.86% 
 
 Expected volatility (range) 
 
 17.98% - 32.72% 
 
 17.71% - 34.43% 
 
 31.29% - 37.43% 
 
 Expected dividend rate 
 
 0.00% 
 
 0.00% 
 
 0.00% 
 
 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share of options granted 
 
 $268.13 
 
 $221.45 
 
 $230.38 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation , the fair value of the RSUs is
measured as if they were vested and issued on the grant date. Additionally, under ASC 718, service-only restrictions on vesting of RSUs are not reflected in the fair value calculation at the grant date. As a result, the fair value of the RSUs was
the closing price of the Company&#146;s common stock on the day immediately preceding the date of grant. The weighted average fair value of the RSUs granted in the current year was $997.66 per share. 
 Compensation cost for Options and RSUs is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award (from the
date of grant through the period of the last separately vesting portion of the grant). For the recognition of equity-based compensation, the RSUs are treated as a separate award from the Options. Compensation cost is recognized within the income
statement in the same expense line as the cash compensation paid to the respective employees. ASC 718 also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures in calculating the expense related to equity-based compensation and requires that the
compensation costs of equity-based awards be recognized net of estimated forfeitures. The impact on compensation costs due to changes in the expected forfeiture rate will be recognized in the period that they become known. In 2013, 2012 and 2011,
the Company recognized $34,296, $64,841 and $64,473 in equity-based compensation costs, respectively, and approximately $12,100, $23,900 and $23,600 in tax benefit related to equity-based compensation costs, respectively. In 2013, the Company
reversed approximately $7,900 in equity-based compensation expense previously recorded to adjust stock option forfeiture rates based on actual forfeiture experience. The reversal was made to the accounts originally charged as follows; approximately
$7,100 and $300 from homebuilding general and administrative and cost of sales expense, respectively, and approximately $500 from NVRM general and administrative expense. 
 As of December 31, 2013, the total unrecognized compensation cost for all outstanding Options and RSUs equaled approximately $82,200, net
of estimated forfeitures. The unrecognized compensation 
 78 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
cost will be recognized over each grant&#146;s applicable vesting period with the latest vesting date being December 31, 2018. The weighted-average period over which the unrecognized
compensation will be recorded is equal to approximately 2.0 years. The Company settles Option exercises and vesting of RSUs by issuing
shares of treasury stock to Option holders. Shares are relieved from the treasury account based on the weighted average cost of treasury shares acquired. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, 101,850; 221,992 and 333,380
shares, respectively, were issued from the treasury account for Option exercises and vesting of RSUs. Information with respect to the vested RSUs and exercised Options is as follows: 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Aggregate exercise proceeds (1) 
 
 $ 
 14,834 

 $ 
 73,211 

 $ 
 108,322 

 Aggregate intrinsic value on exercise dates 
 
 $ 
 84,908 

 $ 
 101,334 

 $ 
 142,381 

 (1) 
 Aggregate exercise proceeds include the Option exercise price received in cash or the fair market value of NVR stock surrendered by the optionee in lieu of cash. 
 Profit Sharing Plans 
 NVR has a trustee-administered, profit sharing retirement plan (the &#147;Profit Sharing Plan&#148;) and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan
(&#147;ESOP&#148;) covering substantially all employees. The Profit Sharing Plan and the ESOP provide for annual discretionary contributions in amounts as determined by the NVR Board of Directors. The combined plan contribution for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $12,012, $9,575 and $6,616, respectively. The ESOP purchased approximately 10,200 and 9,200 shares of NVR common stock in the open market for the 2013 and 2012 plan year contributions, respectively, using
cash contributions provided by the Company. As of December 31, 2013, all shares held by the ESOP had been allocated to participants&#146; accounts. The 2013 plan year contribution was funded and fully allocated to participants in February 2014.
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 The Company has two deferred compensation plans (&#147;Deferred Comp Plans&#148;). The specific purpose of the Deferred Comp Plans is to i)
establish a vehicle whereby named executive officers may defer the receipt of salary and bonus that otherwise would be nondeductible for Company tax purposes into a period where the Company would realize a tax deduction for the amounts paid, and ii)
to enable certain employees who are subject to the Company&#146;s stock holding requirements to acquire shares of the Company&#146;s common stock on a pre-tax basis in order to more quickly meet, and maintain compliance with those stock holding
requirements. Amounts deferred into the Deferred Comp Plans are invested in NVR common stock, held in a rabbi trust account, and are paid out in a fixed number of shares upon expiration of the deferral period. 
 The rabbi trust account held 109,256 and 152,223 shares of NVR common stock as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. During 2013,
42,967 shares of NVR common stock were issued from the rabbi trust related to deferred compensation for which the deferral period ended. There were no shares of NVR common stock contributed to the rabbi trust in 2013 or 2012. Shares held by the
Deferred Comp Plans are treated as outstanding shares in the Company&#146;s earnings per share calculation for each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. 
 79 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 13. 
 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 NVR is committed under multiple non-cancelable operating leases involving office space, model homes, production facilities,
automobiles and equipment. Future minimum lease payments under these operating leases as of December 31, 2013 are as follows: 

 Year Ending December 31, 

 2014 
 
 $ 
 21,998 

 2015 

 16,265 

 2016 

 13,804 

 2017 

 12,281 

 2018 

 10,021 

 Thereafter 

 35,837 

 110,206 

 Sublease income 

 (352 
 ) 

 $ 
 109,854 

 Total rent expense incurred under operating leases was $39,608, $33,399 and $33,607 for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The Company generally does not engage in the land development business. Instead, the
Company typically acquires finished building lots at market prices from various development entities under fixed price purchase agreements. The purchase agreements require deposits that may be forfeited if the Company fails to perform under the
agreement. The deposits required under the purchase agreements are in the form of cash or letters of credit in varying amounts, and typically range up to 10% of the aggregate purchase price of the finished lots. The Company believes this lot
acquisition strategy reduces the financial requirements and risks associated with direct land ownership and land development. The Company generally seeks to maintain control over a supply of lots believed to be suitable to meet its five-year
business plan. At December 31, 2013, assuming that contractual development milestones are met, the Company is committed to placing additional forfeitable deposits with land developers under existing lot option contracts of $73,292. The Company
also has two specific performance contracts pursuant to which the Company is committed to purchase 13 finished lots at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,710. 
 During the ordinary course of operating the homebuilding and mortgage banking businesses, the Company is required to enter into bond or letter
of credit arrangements with local municipalities, government agencies, or land developers to collateralize its obligations under various contracts. The Company had approximately $54,500 of contingent obligations under such agreements, including
$8,354 for letters of credit issued under an uncommitted, collateralized letter of credit facility as of December 31, 2013. The Company believes it will fulfill its obligations under the related contracts and does not anticipate any material
losses under these bonds or letters of credit. 
 80 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 The following table reflects the changes in the Company&#146;s warranty reserve (see Note 1
herein for further discussion of warranty/product liability reserves): 

 Year Ended December 31, 

 2013 

 2012 

 2011 

 Warranty reserve, beginning of year 
 
 $ 
 62,742 

 $ 
 64,008 

 $ 
 69,787 

 Provision 

 82,860 

 41,138 

 37,040 

 Payments 

 (44,095 
 ) 

 (42,404 
 ) 

 (42,819 
 ) 

 Warranty reserve, end of year 
 
 $ 
 101,507 

 $ 
 62,742 

 $ 
 64,008 

 The warranty reserve provision for 2013 includes two warranty accrual charges totaling approximately $31,600.
The first charge of approximately $15,600 was made in the second quarter of 2013 related to remediation of primarily water infiltration issues in a single completed community. The water infiltration issues were the result of a design issue with
several products developed for and built exclusively in that one community. The second charge of approximately $16,000 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 to increase the warranty accrual for a non-recurring service issue unrelated to
the second quarter service issue. On July 18, 2007, former and current employees filed lawsuits against the Company in the Court of
Common Pleas in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania and Hamilton County, Ohio, in Superior Court in Durham County, North Carolina, and in the Circuit Court in Montgomery County, Maryland, and on July 19, 2007 in the Superior Court in New Jersey,
alleging that the Company incorrectly classified its sales and marketing representatives as being exempt from overtime wages. These lawsuits are similar in nature to another lawsuit filed on October 29, 2004 by another former employee in the
United States District Court for the Western District of New York captioned Tracy v. NVR, Inc. The lawsuits filed in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey and North Carolina have been stayed pending further developments in the Tracy action. 
 The complaints described above seek injunctive relief, an award of unpaid wages, including fringe benefits, liquidated damages equal to the
overtime wages allegedly due and not paid, attorney and other fees and interest, and where available, multiple damages. While the suits were filed as purported class actions, none of them have been certified as such. On April 29, 2013, the
Western District of New York ruled that the claims asserted in the Tracy case were not appropriate for class action treatment and dismissed a number of individuals who had filed consents to join that action from the case. The trial on the remaining
individual plaintiff&#146;s claims was held in October 2013. On October 23, 2013, the jury in that trial ruled in the Company&#146;s favor that the plaintiff was an exempt outside salesman. 
 On May 29, 2013, attorneys representing the individuals dismissed from the Tracy action filed another lawsuit on behalf of those
individuals in the New York Supreme Court for Monroe County captioned Anderson v. NVR, Inc. The Company removed the Anderson action to the Western District of New York on June 18, 2013. Plaintiffs subsequently filed a motion to stay the
Anderson action pending final disposition of the Tracy action, which the Company opposed. The Company also filed a motion to sever the multitude of individuals participating in the Anderson action, leaving each plaintiff to pursue his or her claim
individually to the extent that they chose to do so. The Company believes that its compensation practices in regard to sales and
marketing representatives are entirely lawful and in compliance with two letter rulings from the United States Department of Labor (&#147;DOL&#148;) issued in January 2007. Courts that have considered similar claims against other homebuilders have
acknowledged the DOL&#146;s position that sales and marketing representatives were properly classified as exempt from overtime wages and the only court to have directly addressed the exempt status of such employees concluded that the DOL&#146;s
position was valid. In addition, the jury 
 81 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
verdict in the Tracy v. NVR, Inc. matter in October 2013 upheld the Company&#146;s classification of the position. Accordingly, the Company has vigorously defended and intends to continue to
vigorously defend these lawsuits. In light of the points noted above, the Company has not recorded any associated liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in conjunction with the Anderson v. NVR, Inc. case or any other legal
challenges to the exempt status of the Company&#146;s sales and marketing representatives. In June 2010, the Company received a
Request for Information from the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) pursuant to Section 308 of the Clean Water Act. The request sought information about storm water discharge practices in connection with
homebuilding projects completed or underway by the Company in New York and New Jersey. The Company cooperated with this request, and provided information to the EPA. The Company was subsequently informed by the United States Department of
Justice (&#147;DOJ&#148;) that the EPA forwarded the information on the matter to the DOJ, and the DOJ requested that the Company meet with the government to discuss the status of the case. Meetings took place in January 2012 and August
2012 with representatives from both the EPA and DOJ. It is as yet unclear what next steps the DOJ will take in the matter. The Company intends to continue cooperating with any future EPA and/or DOJ inquiries. At this time, the Company
cannot predict the outcome of this inquiry, nor can it reasonably estimate the potential costs that may be associated with its eventual resolution. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are also involved in various other litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of
management, and based on advice of legal counsel, this litigation is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. Legal costs incurred in connection with outstanding
litigation are expensed as incurred. 

 14. 
 Fair Value 
 Financial Instruments 
 The estimated fair value of NVR&#146;s Senior Notes as of December 31, 2013 was $575,200. The estimated fair value is based on recent
market prices of similar transactions, which is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value was $599,075 at December 31, 2013. Except as otherwise noted below, NVR believes that insignificant differences exist
between the carrying value and the fair value of its financial instruments, which consists primarily of cash equivalents, due to their short term nature. 
 Derivative Instruments and Mortgage Loans Held for Sale 
 In the normal course of business, NVR&#146;s mortgage banking segment, NVRM, enters into contractual commitments to extend credit to buyers of
single-family homes with fixed expiration dates. The commitments become effective when the borrowers &#147;lock-in&#148; a specified interest rate within time frames established by NVR. All mortgagors are evaluated for credit worthiness prior to the
extension of the commitment. Market risk arises if interest rates move adversely between the time of the &#147;lock-in&#148; of rates by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to a broker/dealer. To mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk
inherent in providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, the Company enters into optional or mandatory delivery forward sale contracts to sell whole loans and mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers. The forward sale contracts lock in an
interest rate and price for the sale of loans similar to the specific rate lock commitments. NVR does not engage in speculative or trading derivative activities. 
 82 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
Both the rate lock commitments to borrowers and the forward sale contracts to broker/dealers are undesignated derivatives and, accordingly, are marked to fair value through earnings. At
December 31, 2013, there were contractual commitments to extend credit to borrowers aggregating $243,084 and open forward delivery contracts aggregating $430,859. 
 GAAP assigns a fair value hierarchy to the inputs used to measure fair value. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets and liabilities. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted market prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Company&#146;s rate lock
commitments to borrowers and the related input levels includes, as applicable: 

 i) 
 the assumed gain/loss of the expected resultant loan sale (level 2); 

 ii) 
 the effects of interest rate movements between the date of the rate lock and the balance sheet date (level 2); and 

 iii) 
 the value of the servicing rights associated with the loan (level 2). The assumed gain/loss
considers the amount, if any, that the Company has discounted the price to the borrower from par for competitive reasons and the excess servicing to be received or buydown fees to be paid upon securitization of the loan. The excess servicing and
buydown fees are calculated pursuant to contractual terms with investors. To calculate the effects of interest rate movements, the Company utilizes applicable published mortgage-backed security prices, and multiplies the price movement between the
rate lock date and the balance sheet date by the notional loan commitment amount. The Company sells all of its loans on a servicing released basis, and receives a servicing released premium upon sale. Thus, the value of the servicing rights, which
averaged 83 basis points of the loan amount as of December 31, 2013, is included in the fair value measurement and is based upon contractual terms with investors and varies depending on the loan type. The Company assumes an approximate 9%
fallout rate when measuring the fair value of rate lock commitments. Fallout is defined as locked loan commitments for which the Company does not close a mortgage loan and is based on historical experience. 
 The fair value of the Company&#146;s forward sales contracts to broker/dealers solely considers the market price movement of the same type of
security between the trade date and the balance sheet date (level 2). The market price changes are multiplied by the notional amount of the forward sales contracts to measure the fair value. 
 Mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value when closed, and thereafter are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, net of
deferred origination costs, until sold. Fair value is measured using level 2 inputs. The fair value of loans held for sale of $210,641 included on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet has been decreased by $2,936 from the aggregate principal
balance of $213,577. 
 83 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 The undesignated derivative instruments are included on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet as follows: 

 Balance Sheet 
 
 Fair Value 

 Location 
 
 December 31, 2013 

 Derivative Assets: 

 Forward sales contracts 
 
 NVRM - Other assets 
 
 $ 
 6,153 

 Derivative Liabilities: 

 Rate lock commitments 
 
 NVRM - Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 
 $ 
 2,697 

 The fair value measurement as of December 31, 2013 was as follows: 

 Notional or Principal Amount 

 Assumed Gain/(Loss) From Loan Sale 

 Interest Rate Movement Effect 

 Servicing Rights Value 

 Security Price Change 

 Total Fair Value Measurement Gain/(Loss) 

 Rate lock commitments 
 
 $ 
 243,084 

 $ 
 (1,603 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (2,908 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 1,814 

 $ 
 &#151; 

 $ 
 (2,697 
 ) 
 
 Forward sales contracts 
 
 $ 
 430,859 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 &#151; 

 6,153 

 6,153 

 Mortgages held for sale 
 
 $ 
 213,577 

 (1,000 
 ) 

 (3,732 
 ) 

 1,796 

 &#151; 

 (2,936 
 ) 

 Total Fair Value Measurement, December 31, 2013 

 $ 
 (2,603 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 (6,640 
 ) 
 
 $ 
 3,610 

 $ 
 6,153 

 $ 
 520 

 For the year ended December 31, 2013, NVRM recorded a fair value adjustment to income of $3,021. For the
years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, NVRM recorded fair value adjustments to expense of $2,431 and $1,080, respectively. Unrealized gains/losses from the change in the fair value measurements are included in earnings as a component of
mortgage banking fees in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income. The fair value measurement will be impacted in the future by the change in the value of the servicing rights, interest rate movements, security price
fluctuations, and the volume and product mix of the Company&#146;s closed loans and locked loan commitments. 

 15. 
 Mortgage Loan Loss Allowance 
 During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company recognized pre-tax charges for loan losses related
to mortgage loans sold of approximately $2,300, $1,300 and $5,100, respectively. Included in the Mortgage Banking segment&#146;s &#147;Accounts payable and other liabilities&#148; line item on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets is a
mortgage loan loss allowance equal to approximately $8,200 and $6,550 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. During 2012, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with one of the Company&#146;s correspondent lenders to pay $7,250
to settle all pending and future repayment and settlement requests for all loans sold to that correspondent lender. The settlement payment reduced the mortgage loan loss allowance in 2012. 
 84 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 16. 
 Acquisition 
 On December 31, 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and the assumption of
certain liabilities of Heartland Homes, Inc. (&#147;Heartland&#148;), which operates predominantly in the Pittsburgh, PA market, for $17,000 in cash, of which $2,000 was deferred and to be paid one half on each December 31, 2013 and 2014,
subject to offsets. The Company has not paid and does not expect to pay the $2,000 deferred amount. The Company acquired tangible assets of approximately $47,000, consisting primarily of inventory and assumed liabilities of approximately $39,500 of
which approximately $21,900 consisted of construction loans which were repaid at closing. The acquisition did not impact the Company&#146;s sales or settlements in 2012. The purchase price allocation resulted in identifiable finite-lived intangible
assets of $8,778 and goodwill of $441, which is equal to the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. As of December 31, 2013, net finite-lived intangible assets totaled $6,306. 

 17. 
 Quarterly Results (unaudited) 
 The following table sets forth unaudited selected financial data and operating information on a quarterly basis for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. 

 Year Ended December 31, 2013 

 4th 

 3rd 

 2nd 

 1st 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Revenues-homebuilding operations 
 
 $ 
 1,223,808 

 $ 
 1,167,595 

 $ 
 992,210 

 $ 
 750,868 

 Gross profit &#150; homebuilding operations 
 
 $ 
 222,393 

 $ 
 203,179 

 $ 
 157,922 

 $ 
 126,783 

 Mortgage banking fees 
 
 $ 
 18,344 

 $ 
 21,372 

 $ 
 17,682 

 $ 
 19,388 

 Net income 
 
 $ 
 97,811 

 $ 
 82,935 

 $ 
 50,690 

 $ 
 35,041 

 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 $ 
 21.15 

 $ 
 17.67 

 $ 
 10.11 

 $ 
 6.84 

 Contracts for sale, net of cancellations (units) 

 2,631 

 2,381 

 3,278 

 3,510 

 Settlements (units) 

 3,342 

 3,342 

 2,878 

 2,272 

 Backlog, end of period (units) 

 4,945 

 5,656 

 6,617 

 6,217 

 Loans closed 
 
 $ 
 721,926 

 $ 
 695,930 

 $ 
 646,450 

 $ 
 473,766 

 85 

 Table of Contents 

 NVR, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2012 

 4th 

 3rd 

 2nd 

 1st 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Quarter 

 Revenues-homebuilding operations 
 
 $ 
 925,363 

 $ 
 854,396 

 $ 
 755,290 

 $ 
 586,195 

 Gross profit &#150; homebuilding operations 
 
 $ 
 168,967 

 $ 
 151,960 

 $ 
 130,312 

 $ 
 94,366 

 Mortgage banking fees 
 
 $ 
 18,375 

 $ 
 16,241 

 $ 
 14,493 

 $ 
 14,297 

 Net income 
 
 $ 
 60,627 

 $ 
 53,000 

 $ 
 46,838 

 $ 
 20,123 

 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 $ 
 11.98 

 $ 
 10.33 

 $ 
 8.97 

 $ 
 3.90 

 Contracts for sale, net of cancellations (units) 

 2,625 

 2,558 

 2,614 

 3,157 

 Settlements (units) 

 2,788 

 2,656 

 2,475 

 1,924 

 Backlog, end of period (units) 

 4,979 

 4,950 

 5,048 

 4,909 

 Loans closed 
 
 $ 
 642,171 

 $ 
 594,867 

 $ 
 548,871 

 $ 
 420,184 

 86 

