 
 10-K
 1
 v456569_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 (Mark One) 

 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 

 OR 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Transition Period from __________
to __________. 

 Commission File Number 1-6479-1 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 Delaware 
 
 13-2637623 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification Number) 

 302
 Knights Run Avenue, Tampa, Florida 
 
 33602 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

 Registrant's telephone number, including
area code: 813-209-0600 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

 Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Class
 A Common Stock (par value $0.01 per share) 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No x 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes o No x 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one): 

 Large
 accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated
 filer x 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting
 company) 
 Smaller
 reporting company o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x 

 APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS
INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes x No o 

 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates
of the registrant on June 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter, was
$431,429,000, based on the closing price of $10.99 per share of Class A common stock on the NYSE MKT exchange on that date. For
this purpose, all outstanding shares of common stock have been considered held by non-affiliates, other than the shares beneficially
owned by directors, officers and certain 5% shareholders of the registrant; certain of such persons disclaim that they are affiliates
of the registrant. 

 The number of shares outstanding of the issuer's Class
A common stock, as of March 3, 2017: Class A common stock, par value $0.01 70,806,901 shares. Excluded from these
amounts are penny warrants, which were outstanding as of March 3, 2017, for the purchase of 16,958,511 shares of Class A
common stock without consideration of any withholding pursuant to the cashless exercise procedures. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the registrant's
definitive proxy statement to be filed by the registrant in connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated
by reference in Part III 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Available
 Information 
 i 

 Forward-Looking
 Statements 
 i 

 Supplementary
 Financial Information 
 ii 

 Glossary 
 iii 
 
 PART
 I 

 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

 Overview
 and Recent Developments 
 1 

 Fleet
 Operations 
 3 

 Employees 
 4 

 Competition 
 5 

 Environmental
 and Security Matters Relating to Bulk Shipping 
 5 

 Inspection
 by Classification Societies 
 12 

 Insurance 
 13 

 Taxation
 of the Company 
 13 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 32 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 32 

 PART
 II 

 Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 35 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management's
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 109 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 109 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 109 

 PART
 III 

 Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 111 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 111 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 112 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 112 

 PART
 IV 

 Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 112 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 117 
 
 Signatures 
 
 118 

 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the "Company",
"OSG", "we", "us", or "our" refer to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and, unless
the context otherwise requires or otherwise is expressly stated, its subsidiaries. 

 A glossary of shipping terms (the "Glossary") that
should be used as a reference when reading this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found immediately prior to Part I. Capitalized
terms that are used in this Annual Report are either defined when they are first used or in the Glossary. 

 All dollar amounts are stated in thousands of U.S. dollars unless
otherwise stated. 

 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

 The Company makes available free of charge through its internet
website www.osg.com, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments
to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Our website and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site,
are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 The public may also read and copy any materials the Company files
with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 (information on the operation of
the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330). The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

 The Company also makes available on its website its corporate governance
guidelines, its code of business conduct, insider trading policy, anti-bribery and corruption policy and charters of the Audit
Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Risk Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors.
Neither our website nor the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements.
In addition, we may make or approve certain statements in future filings with the SEC, in press releases, or oral or written presentations
by representatives of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical facts should be considered forward-looking
statements. Words such as "may", "will", "should", "would", "could",
"appears", "believe", "intends", "expects", "estimates", "targeted",
"plans", "anticipates", "goal", and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements but should not be considered as the only means through which these statements may be made. Such forward-looking statements
represent the Company's reasonable expectation with respect to future events or circumstances based on various factors and
are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's operations, financial results,
financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors,
many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially
from the expectations expressed or implied in these statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements
and consideration should be given to the following factors when reviewing such statements. Such factors include, but are not limited
to: 

 the
 reduced diversification and heightened exposure to the Jones Act market of OSG's
 business following the spin-off from OSG on November 30, 2016 of International Seaways,
 Inc. (INSW), which owned or leased OSG's fleet of International Flag vessels, which
 may make OSG more susceptible to market fluctuations than before such spin-off; 

 the
 failure by INSW to satisfy the terms of agreements related to the spin-off; 

 the
 highly cyclical nature of OSG's industry; 

 fluctuations
 in the market value of vessels; 

 declines
 in charter rates, including spot charter rates or other market deterioration; 

 an
 increase in the supply of vessels without a commensurate increase in demand; 

 the
 impact of adverse weather and natural disasters; 

 the
 adequacy of OSG's insurance to cover its losses, including in connection with maritime
 accidents or spill events; 

 constraints
 on capital availability; 

 changing
 economic, political and governmental conditions in the United States and/or abroad and
 general conditions in the oil and natural gas industry; 

 public
 health threats; 

 changes
 in fuel prices; 

 acts
 of piracy on ocean-going vessels; 

 terrorist
 attacks and international hostilities and instability; 

 i 

 the
 effect of the Company's indebtedness on its ability to finance operations, pursue
 desirable business operations and successfully run its business in the future; 

 the
 Company's ability to generate sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and to
 comply with debt covenants; 

 the
 Company's ability to make additional capital expenditures to expand the number
 of vessels in its fleet and to maintain all its vessels; 

 the
 Company's ability to renew its time charters when they expire or to enter into
 new time charters; 

 competition
 within the Company's industry and OSG's ability to compete effectively for
 charters; 

 the
 loss of a large customer; 

 the
 Company's ability to realize benefits from its past acquisitions or acquisitions
 or other strategic transactions it may make in the future; 

 changes
 in demand in specialized markets in which the Company currently trades; 

 increasing
 operating costs and capital expenses as the Company's vessels age, including increases
 due to limited shipbuilder warranties of the consolidation of suppliers; 

 the
 effects of lifting of the U.S. crude oil export ban; 

 refusal
 of certain customers to use vessels of a certain age; 

 the
 Company's ability to replace its operating leases on favorable terms, or at all; 

 changes
 in credit risk with respect to the Company's counterparties on contracts; 

 the
 failure of contract counterparties to meet their obligations; 

 the
 Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees; 

 work
 stoppages or other labor disruptions by the unionized employees of OSG or other companies
 in related industries; 

 unexpected
 drydock costs; 

 the
 potential for technological innovation to reduce the value of the Company's vessels
 and charter income derived therefrom; 

 the
 impact of an interruption in or failure of the Company's information technology
 and communication systems upon the Company's ability to operate or a cybersecurity
 breach; 

 the
 Company's compliance with 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101 (commonly known as
 the "Jones Act") limitations on U.S. coastwise trade, the waiver, modification
 or repeal of the Jones Act limitations or changes in international trade agreements; 

 government
 requisition of the Company's vessels during a period of war or emergency; 

 t he
inability to clear oil majors' risk assessment process; 

 the
 Company's compliance with complex laws, regulations and in particular, environmental
 laws and regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases and
 ballast water treatment; 

 any
 non-compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other applicable
 regulations relating to bribery; 

 the
 impact of litigation, government inquiries and investigations; 

 governmental
 claims against the Company; 

 the
 arrest of OSG's vessels by maritime claimants; 

 the
 potential for audit or material adjustment by the IRS of certain tax benefits recognized
 by the Company; 

 the
 Company's ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards; 

 the
 impact of a delay or disruption in implementing new technological and management systems;
 and 

 the
 impact of any potential liabilities resulting from the withdrawal from participation
 in multiemployer pension plans; and 

 the impact
 of potential changes in U.S. tax laws. 

 Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and the
additional risk factors outlined in more detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports hereafter filed by the
Company with the SEC under the caption "Risk Factors." The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward
looking statements. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and written and oral forward looking statements
attributable to the Company or its representatives after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified in their entirety
by the cautionary statement contained in this paragraph and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC. 

 SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

 The Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles of the United States of America ("GAAP"). However, the Company has included certain
non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, which it believes, provide useful information to both management and readers of this report
in measuring the financial performance and financial condition of the Company. These measures do not have a standardized meaning
prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other publicly traded companies,
nor should they be construed as an alternative to other titled measures determined in accordance with GAAP. 

 ii 

 The Company presents three non-GAAP financial measures: time charter
equivalent revenues, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Time charter equivalent revenues represent shipping revenues less voyage expenses,
as a measure to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. EBITDA represents net
(loss)/income from continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted
EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating
performance. 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry data and forecasts
that we have prepared based, in part, on information obtained from industry publications and surveys. Third-party industry publications,
surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable.
In addition, certain statements regarding our market position in this report are based on information derived from the Company's
market studies and research reports. Unless we state otherwise, statements about the Company's relative competitive position
in this report are based on our management's beliefs, internal studies and management's knowledge of industry trends. 

 GLOSSARY 

 Unless otherwise noted or indicated by the context, the following
terms used in the Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: 

 Aframax--A medium size crude oil tanker of approximately 80,000
to 120,000 deadweight tons. Aframaxes can generally transport from 500,000 to 800,000 barrels of crude oil and are also used in
Lightering. A coated Aframax operating in the refined petroleum products trades may be referred to as an LR2. 

 Articulated Tug Barge or ATB--A tug-barge combination system
capable of operating on the high seas, coastwise and further inland. It combines a normal barge, with a bow resembling that of
a ship, but having a deep indent at the stern to accommodate the bow of a tug. The fit is such that the resulting combination
behaves almost like a single vessel at sea as well as while maneuvering. 

 Ballast -- Any heavy material, including water, carried temporarily
or permanently in a vessel to provide desired draft and stability. 

 Bareboat Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a
fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. The customer pays all costs of operating the vessel,
including voyage and vessel expenses. Bareboat charters are usually long term. 

 b/d--Barrels per day. 

 CERCLA--The abbreviation for the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. 

 Charter--Contract entered into with a customer for the use
of the vessel for a specific voyage at a specific rate per unit of cargo ("Voyage Charter"), or for a specific period
of time at a specific rate per unit (day or month) of time ("Time Charter"). 

 Classification Societies--Organizations that establish and
administer standards for the design, construction and operational maintenance of vessels. As a practical matter, vessels cannot
trade unless they meet these standards. 

 Contract of Affreightment or COA--An agreement providing for
the transportation between specified points for a specific quantity of cargo over a specific time period but without designating
specific vessels or voyage schedules, thereby allowing flexibility in scheduling since no vessel designation is required. COAs
can either have a fixed rate or a market-related rate. One example would be two shipments of 70,000 tons per month for two years
at the prevailing spot rate at the time of each loading. 

 Crude Oil--Oil in its natural state that has not been refined
or altered. 

 Deadweight tons or dwt--The unit of measurement used to represent
cargo carrying capacity of a vessel, but including the weight of consumables such as fuel, lube oil, drinking water and stores. 

 Demurrage--Additional revenue paid to the shipowner on its
Voyage Charters for delays experienced in loading and/or unloading cargo that are not deemed to be the responsibility of the shipowner,
calculated in accordance with specific Charter terms. 

 Double Hull--Hull construction design in which a vessel has
an inner and an outer side and bottom separated by void space, usually two meters in width. 

 Drydocking--An out-of-service period during which planned
repairs and maintenance are carried out, including all underwater maintenance such as external hull painting. During the drydocking,
certain mandatory Classification Society inspections are carried out and relevant certifications issued. Normally, as the age
of a vessel increases, the cost and frequency of drydockings increase. 

 Exclusive Economic Zone--An area that extends up to 200 nautical
miles beyond the territorial sea of a state's coastline (land at lowest tide) over which the state has sovereign rights
for the purpose of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing natural resources. 

 Floating Storage Offloading Unit or FSO--A converted or newbuild barge or tanker, moored at a location to receive crude or other products for storage and transfer purposes. FSOs are not
equipped with processing facilities. 

 iii 

 Handysize Product Carrier--A small size Product Carrier of
approximately 29,000 to 50,000 deadweight tons. This type of vessel generally operates on shorter routes (short haul). 

 International Energy Agency or IEA -- An intergovernmental
organization established in the framework of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development in 1974. Among other things,
the IEA provides research, statistics, analysis and recommendations relating to energy. 

 International Maritime Organization or IMO--An agency of the
United Nations, which is the body that is responsible for the administration of internationally developed maritime safety and
pollution treaties, including MARPOL. 

 International Flag--International law requires that every
merchant vessel be registered in a country. International Flag refers to those vessels that are registered under a flag other
that of the United States. 

 International Flag vessel--A vessel that is registered under
a flag other than that of the United States. 

 Jones Act--U.S. law that applies to port-to-port shipments
within the continental U.S. and between the continental U.S. and Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, and Guam, and restricts such shipments
to U.S. Flag Vessels that are built in the United States and that are owned by a U.S. company that is more than 75% owned and
controlled by U.S. citizens, set forth in 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101. 

 Jones Act Fleet--A fleet comprised of vessels that comply
with the Jones Act regulations. 

 Lightering--The process of off-loading crude oil or petroleum
products from large size tankers, typically Very Large Crude Carriers, into smaller tankers and/or barges for discharge in ports
from which the larger tankers are restricted due to the depth of the water, narrow entrances or small berths. 

 LNG Carrier--A vessel designed to carry liquefied natural
gas, that is, natural gas cooled to 163 centigrade, turning it into a liquid and reducing its volume to 1/600 of its
volume in gaseous form. LNG is the abbreviation for liquefied natural gas. 

 LR1--A coated Panamax tanker. LR is an abbreviation of Long
Range. 

 LR2--A coated Aframax tanker, 

 MarAd--The Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department
of Transportation. 

 Maritime Security Program or MSP--The U.S. Maritime Security
Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of
war or national emergency. These vessels are required to trade outside the United States but are eligible for government sponsored
business. Under the MSP, participants receive an annual fee in exchange for a guarantee that the vessels will be made available
to the U.S. government in the event of war or national emergency. 

 MARPOL--International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution
from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto. This convention includes regulations aimed at preventing
and minimizing pollution from ships by accident and by routine operations. 

 MR--An abbreviation for Medium Range. Certain types of vessel,
such as a Product Carrier of approximately 45,000 to 53,000 deadweight tons, generally operate on medium-range routes. 

 MSP vessels--U.S. Flag vessels that participate in the Maritime
Security Program. 

 OECD--Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
is a group of developed countries in North America, Europe and Asia. 

 OPA 90--OPA 90 is the abbreviation for the U.S. Oil Pollution
Act of 1990. 

 OPEC--Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which
is an international organization established to coordinate and unify the petroleum policies of its members. 

 P&I Insurance --Protection and indemnity insurance is
a form of marine insurance provided by a P&I club. A P&I club is a mutual (i.e., a co-operative) insurance association
that provides cover for its members, who will typically be ship-owners, ship-operators or demise charterers. 

 Panamax--A medium size vessel of approximately 53,000 to 80,000
deadweight tons. A coated Panamax operating in the refined petroleum products trades may be referred to as an LR1. 

 Product Carrier--General term that applies to any tanker that
is used to transport refined oil products, such as gasoline, jet fuel or heating oil. 

 Safety Management System or SMS--A framework of processes
and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS
is certified by ISM (International Safety Management Code), ISO 9001 (Quality Management) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management). 

 Scrapping--The disposal of vessels by demolition for scrap
metal. 

 iv 

 Shuttle Tanker--A tanker, usually with special fittings for
mooring, which lifts oil from offshore fields and transports it to a shore storage or refinery terminal on repeated trips. 

 Special Survey--An extensive inspection of a vessel by classification
society surveyors that must be completed once within every five-year period. Special Surveys require a vessel to be drydocked. 

 Suezmax--A large crude oil tanker of approximately 120,000
to 200,000 deadweight tons. Suezmaxes can generally transport about one million barrels of crude oil. 

 Technical Management or technically managed--The management
of the operation of a vessel, including physically maintaining the vessel, maintaining necessary certifications, and supplying
necessary stores, spares, and lubricating oils. Responsibilities also generally include selecting, engaging and training crew,
and arranging necessary insurance coverage. 

 Time Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed
daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. Subject to any restrictions in the Charter, the customer
decides the type and quantity of cargo to be carried and the ports of loading and unloading. The customer pays all voyage expenses
such as fuel, canal tolls, and port charges. The shipowner pays all vessel expenses such as the Technical Management expenses. 

 Time Charter Equivalent or TCE--TCE is the abbreviation for
Time Charter Equivalent. TCE revenues, which are voyage revenues less voyage expenses, serve as an industry standard for measuring
and managing fleet revenue and comparing results between geographical regions and among competitors. 

 Ton-mile demand--A calculation that multiplies the average
distance of each route a tanker travels by the volume of cargo moved. The greater the increase in long haul movement compared
with shorter haul movements, the higher the increase in ton-mile demand. 

 U.S. Flag fleet -- Our Jones Act Fleet together with our MSP
vessels. 

 U.S. Flag vessel--A U.S. Flag vessel must be crewed by U.S.
sailors, and owned and operated by a U.S. company. 

 Vessel Expenses--Includes crew costs, vessel stores and supplies,
lubricating oils, maintenance and repairs, insurance and communication costs associated with the operations of vessels. 

 VLCC--VLCC is the abbreviation for Very Large Crude Carrier,
a large crude oil tanker of approximately 200,000 to 320,000 deadweight tons. VLCCs can generally transport two million barrels
or more of crude oil. These vessels are mainly used on the longest (long haul) routes from the Arabian Gulf to North America,
Europe, and Asia, and from West Africa to the United States and Far Eastern destinations. 

 Voyage Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a transportation
charge for the movement of a specific cargo between two or more specified ports. The shipowner pays all voyage expenses, and all
vessel expenses, unless the vessel to which the Charter relates has been time chartered in. The customer is liable for Demurrage,
if incurred. 

 Voyage Expenses--Includes fuel, port charges, canal tolls,
cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions paid by the Company under Voyage Charters. These expenses are subtracted from
shipping revenues to calculate Time Charter Equivalent revenues for Voyage Charters. 

 v 

 PART
I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 OVERVIEW AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated
in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries own and operate a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged in the transportation of crude
oil and petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trades. The Company manages the operations of its U.S. Flag fleet through its wholly
owned subsidiary, OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. ("OBS"), a New York corporation. At December 31, 2016, the Company owned or
operated a fleet of 24 vessels totaling an aggregate of approximately 1 million deadweight tons ("dwt"). Additional
information about the Company's fleet, including its ownership profile, is set forth under "-- Fleet Operations--
Fleet Summary," as well as on the Company's website, www.osg.com. Neither our website nor the information contained
on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except to the extent
otherwise included herein. 

 OSG primarily charters its vessels to customers for voyages at
specific periods of time at fixed daily amounts through Time Charters. The Company also charters its vessels for specific voyages
at spot rates. Spot market rates are highly volatile, while Time Charter and Bareboat Charter rates provide more predictable streams
of time charter equivalent ("TCE") revenues because they are fixed for specific periods of time. For a more detailed
discussion on factors influencing spot and time charter markets, see "Fleet Operations--Commercial Management"
below. 

 Spin Off of International Flag Business 

 Effective as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on November 30, 2016
(the "Distribution Date"), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies
through the spin-off of International Seaways, Inc. ("INSW"). The spin-off separated OSG and INSW into two distinct
businesses with separate management. OSG retained the U.S. Flag business and INSW holds entities and other assets and liabilities
that formed OSG's former International Flag business. 

 In accordance with Accounting Standards Update ("ASU")
2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , the assets and liabilities
and results of operations of INSW are reported as discontinued operations, net of taxes for all periods presented. Accordingly,
all references made to financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to the Company's continuing operations unless
specifically noted. See Note 5, "Discontinued Operations," to the Company's consolidated financial statements
set forth in Item 8 for additional information. 

 The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata distribution
of INSW common stock to OSG's stockholders and warrant holders of record as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on November 18,
2016 (the "Record Date"). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW
common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received a 0.3333 share
of INSW common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately
prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). 

 The
spin-off was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement and several other agreements between INSW and OSG related
to the spin-off, including a Transition Services Agreement and an Employee Matters Agreement. These agreements govern the relationship
between us and INSW following the spin-off and provided for the allocation of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations.
These agreements include arrangements for transition services to be provided by OSG to INSW and by INSW to OSG. As
a result of the spin-off transaction, the Company distributed $895,650 in net assets of INSW, which has been reflected as a reduction
to additional paid-in capital and accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2016 and statement of changes in equity/(deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2016 . 

 Emergence from Bankruptcy 

 On November 14, 2012 (the "Petition Date"), the Company
and 180 of its subsidiaries (together with OSG, the "Debtors") filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under
Chapter 11 of Title II of the U.S. Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
(the "Bankruptcy Court"). On March 7, 2014, the Debtors filed a plan of reorganization supported by certain of the
lenders under OSG's $1,500,000 credit agreement, dated as of February 9, 2006 (the "Lender Plan"). On April
18, 2014, the Debtors received a proposal for an alternative plan of reorganization from certain holders of existing equity interests
of OSG, which the Debtors determined to be more favorable to the Debtors' creditors and equity interest holders than the
Lender Plan (the "Equity Proposal"). Accordingly, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a plan of reorganization
that effectuated the terms of the Equity Proposal (as subsequently amended, the "Equity Plan"). The Bankruptcy Court
confirmed the Equity Plan by order entered on July 18, 2014 (the "Confirmation Order"). On August 5, 2014 (the "Effective
Date"), the Equity Plan became effective and OSG emerged from bankruptcy. On February 10, 2017, pursuant to a final decree
and order of the Bankruptcy Court, OSG's one remaining case, as the Parent Company, was closed. 

 1 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Strategy 

 Our primary objective is to maximize shareholder value by generating
strong cash flows through the combination of contracted time charter revenues and opportunistically trading vessels in the spot
market; actively managing the size and composition of our fleet over the course of market cycles to increase investment returns
and available capital; and entering into value-creating transactions, including acquisitions of competitive businesses. The key
elements of our strategy are to: 

 Generate strong cash flows by capitalizing on our leading Jones
 Act market position, complementary time charter and spot market exposures, and long-standing
 customer relationships; 

 Emphasize quality
 of operations and adhere to the highest safety standards attainable; and 

 Seek out opportunities to increase scale and drive cost efficiencies
 through a disciplined approach to investment in core and adjacent asset classes to maximize
 return on capital across market cycles. 

 We believe we are well-positioned to generate strong cash flows
by identifying and taking advantage of attractive chartering opportunities in the U.S. market. We currently operate one of the
largest tanker fleets in the U.S. Flag market, with a strong presence in all major U.S. coastwise trades. Our market position
allows us to maintain long-standing relationships with many of the largest energy companies, which in some cases date back many
decades. We consider attaining the stability of cash flow offered by medium term charters to be a fundamental characteristic of
the objectives of our chartering approach. Over time, we will pursue an overall chartering strategy that seeks to cover the majority
of available operating days with medium-term time charters. A policy of medium term charters will not, however, always be remunerative,
nor prove achievable under certain market conditions. As such, during periods of uncertainty in the markets within which we operate,
more of our vessels will be exposed to the more volatile and less predictable spot market with a corresponding impact on the visibility
and amount of revenue which our vessels may earn. 

 We believe that OSG has a good standing in the community of our
customers, our peers and our regulators, with a long established reputation for a focus on maintaining the highest standards in
both protecting the environment and maintaining the health and safety of all of our employees. We believe that continued improvement
in these areas is important not only to the constituents directly affected, but equally as important in sustaining a key differentiating
competitive factor amongst the customers whom we serve. 

 We plan to actively manage the size and composition of our fleet
through opportunistic acquisitions and dispositions of vessel assets as part of our effort to achieve above-market returns on
capital. Using our commercial, financial and operational expertise, we seek to opportunistically grow our fleet through the timely
and selective acquisition of high-quality secondhand vessels or new-build contracts when we believe those acquisitions will result
in attractive returns on invested capital and increased cash flow. We also intend to engage in opportunistic dispositions and/or
repurposing of our vessel assets where we can achieve attractive values relative to their anticipated future earnings from operations
as we assess market cycles and requirements. Taken together, we believe these activities will help us to maintain a diverse, high-quality
and modern fleet of crude oil, refined product, and potentially other U.S. Flag vessels with an enhanced return on invested capital.
We believe our diverse and versatile fleet, our experience and our long-standing relationships with participants in the crude
and refined product shipping industry, position us to identify and take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities in any
vessel class and in the Jones Act market. 

 Customers 

 OSG's customers include major independent oil traders, refinery
operators and U.S. and international government entities. The Company's top five customers comprised 59% of shipping revenues
during the year ended December 31, 2016. The customers and their related percentage of revenues are as follows: Tesoro (16%),
Petrobras America Inc. (12%), Shell (12%), Marathon Petroleum Company (11%) and British Petroleum (8%). See Note 3 - "Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, Concentration of Credit Risk," to the Company's consolidated financial statements
set forth in Item 8 for further information regarding the Company's customers for 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 2 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 FLEET OPERATIONS 

 Fleet Summary 

 As of December 31, 2016, OSG's operating fleet consisted
of 24 vessels, 14 of which were owned, with the remaining vessels chartered-in. Vessels chartered-in are on Bareboat Charters. 

 Vessels Owned 
 Vessels Chartered-in 
 Total at December 31, 2016 
 
 Vessel Type 
 Number 
 Weighted by Ownership 
 Number 
 Weighted by Ownership 
 Total Vessels 
 Vessels Weighted by Ownership 
 Total
 dwt (2)) 
 
 Handysize
 Product Carriers (1) 
 4 
 4.0 
 10 
 10.0 
 14 
 14.0 
 664,490 
 
 Refined Product ATBs 
 8 
 8.0 
 - 
 - 
 8 
 8.0 
 226,064 
 
 Lightering ATBs 
 2 
 2.0 
 - 
 - 
 2 
 2.0 
 91,112 
 
 Total Operating Fleet 
 14 
 14.0 
 10 
 10.0 
 24 
 24.0 
 981,666 

 (1) Includes two owned shuttle tankers, one chartered-in shuttle
 tanker and two owned U.S. Flag Product Carriers that trade internationally. 

 (2) Total dwt is defined as total deadweight tons for all vessels of
 that type. 

 Commercial Management 

 Time-Charter Market 

 The Company's operating fleet currently includes a number
of vessels that operate on time charters. Within a contract period, time charters provide a predictable level of revenues without
the fluctuations inherent in spot-market rates. Once a time charter expires, however, the ability to secure a new time charter
may be uncertain and subject to market conditions at such time. Time charters constituted 83% of the Company's TCE revenues
in 2016, 85% in 2015 and 83% in 2014. 

 Spot Market 

 Voyage Charters constituted 17% of the Company's aggregate
TCE revenues in 2016, 15% in 2015 and 17% in 2014. Accordingly, the Company's shipping revenues are affected by prevailing
spot rates for voyage charters in the markets in which the Company's vessels operate. Spot market rates are highly volatile
because they are determined by market forces including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such as crude oil
or petroleum products), volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available tonnage
both at the time such tonnage is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based inventories
of crude oil and refined products. As several time charters are expiring in 2017 and may not be renewed, the Company will likely
have more exposure to the spot market. 

 Seasonal trends affect oil consumption and consequently
vessel demand. While trends in consumption vary with seasons, peaks in demand quite often precede the seasonal consumption
peaks as refiners and suppliers try to anticipate consumer demand. Seasonal peaks in oil demand have been principally driven
by increased demand prior to winters and increased demand for gasoline prior to the summer driving season. Available tonnage
is affected over time, by the volume of newbuilding deliveries, the number of tankers used to store clean products and crude
oil, and the removal (principally through scrapping or conversion) of existing vessels from service. Scrapping is affected by
the level of freight rates, scrap prices, vetting standards established by charterers and terminals and by U.S. governmental
regulations that establish maintenance standards. Voyage charters include COAs on four vessels. Changes in the percentage
contributions are therefore affected by Delaware Bay lightering volumes. In addition, as ships come off of their time
charters, they may be forced into short-term trades. 

 Business Segment 

 The Company has one reportable business segment. The Company's
U.S. Flag Fleet consists of twenty-two owned and chartered-in Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers and ATBs and two non-Jones
Act U.S. Flag Handysize Product Carriers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. Under the Jones Act, shipping
between U.S. ports, including the movement of Alaskan crude oil to U.S. ports, is reserved for U.S. Flag vessels that are built
in the United States and owned by U.S. companies that are more than 75% owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. OSG is one of the
largest commercial owners and operators of U.S. Flag vessels and participates in U.S. government programs, including the following: 

 Maritime
 Security Program--Two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the
 U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels
 are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency.
 Each of the vessel owning companies with a ship that participates in the program receives
 an annual subsidy that is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels
 from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such subsidy was $3.5 million on one vessel and $2.7
 million on one vessel in 2016, $3.2 million for each vessel in 2015 and $3.1 million
 for each vessel in 2014. 

 3 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Under the terms of the program, the Company expects to
receive $5.0 million annually for each vessel from 2017 through 2020, and $5.2 million for each vessel beginning in 2021. The
Company does not receive the subsidy with respect to any days for which one or both of the vessels operate under a time charter
to a U.S. government agency, which was the case for one vessel during 2016. 

 Maritime
 Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation ("MarAd") trading
 restrictions--Two of the modern U.S. Flag ATBs owned by the Company, which are currently
 used in the Delaware Bay Lightering business, had their construction financed with the
 Capital Construction Fund ("CCF"). As such, daily liquidated damages are
 payable by the Company to MarAd if these vessels operate in contiguous coastwise trades,
 which is not permitted under trading restrictions currently imposed by the CCF agreement
 between MarAd and the Company. The Company incurred liquidated damages that were not
 material in amount during each of the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, for deploying
 these two ATBs on contiguous coastwise trade voyages during such years. There were no
 liquidated damages incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 The Company also has a 37.5% interest in Alaska Tanker Company,
LLC ("ATC"), a joint venture that was formed in 1999 among OSG, Keystone Shipping Company and BP plc ("BP")
to support BP's Alaskan crude oil transportation requirements. Each member in ATC is entitled to receive its respective
share of any incentive charter hire payable by BP to ATC based on meeting certain predetermined performance standards. The Company's
share of the income earned by ATC is recorded in equity in income of affiliated companies and amounted to $3.6 million in 2016,
$3.8 million in 2015 and $3.4 million in 2014. 

 Ten of the Handysize product carriers in our U.S. Flag fleet are
chartered-in. Those chartered-in vessels provide for the payment of profit share to the owners of the vessels calculated in accordance
with the respective charter-in agreements on a 50/50 basis following the funding of certain reserves such as for drydocking and
the payment to OSG of a daily management fee and a preferred profit layer. Due to reserve funding requirements, no profits have
yet been paid to the owners or are, based on management's current forecast, expected to be paid to the owners in respect
of the charter term through December 31, 2019. 

 Technical Management 

 OSG's fleet operations are managed in-house. In addition
to regular maintenance and repair, crews onboard each vessel and shore side personnel must ensure that the Company's fleet
meets or exceeds regulatory standards established by the International Maritime Organization ("IMO") and U.S. Coast
Guard ("USCG"). 

 The Company recruits, hires and trains the crews on its U.S. Flag
vessels. The Company believes that its mandatory training and education requirements exceed the requirements of the USCG. The
Company believes its ability to provide professional development for qualified U.S. Flag crew is necessary in a market where skilled
labor shortages are expected to remain a challenge. The U.S. Flag fleet is supported by shore side staff that includes fleet managers,
marine and technical superintendents, purchasing and marine insurance staff, crewing and training personnel and health, safety,
quality and environmental ("SQE") personnel. 

 Safety 

 The Company is committed to providing safe, reliable and environmentally
sound transportation to its customers. Integral to meeting standards mandated by regulators and customers is the use of robust
Safety Management Systems ("SMS") by the Company. The SMS is a framework of processes and procedures that addresses
a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified by the International
Safety Management Code ("ISM Code,") promulgated by the IMO and the International Standards Organization ("ISO")
ISO 9001 (Quality Management) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management). To support a culture of compliance and transparency, OSG
has an open reporting system on all of its vessels, whereby seafarers can anonymously report possible violations of OSG's
policies and procedures. All open reports are investigated and appropriate actions are taken when necessary. 

 EMPLOYEES 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 882 employees
comprised of 768 seagoing personnel and 114 shore-side staff. The Company has collective bargaining agreements with three different
U.S. maritime unions covering 632 seagoing personnel employed on the Company's vessels. These agreements are in effect for
periods ending between March 2018 and June 2020. Under the collective bargaining agreements, the Company is obligated to make
contributions to pension and other welfare programs. 

 4 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 COMPETITION 

 OSG's primary competitors are operators of U.S. Flag oceangoing
barges and tankers, operators of rail transportation for crude oil and operators of refined product pipelines systems that transport
refined petroleum products directly from U.S. refineries to markets in the United States. In addition, indirect competition comes
from International Flag vessels transporting imported refined petroleum products. 

 ENVIRONMENTAL AND SECURITY MATTERS RELATING
TO BULK SHIPPING 

 Government regulation significantly affects the operation of the
Company's vessels. OSG's vessels operate in a heavily regulated environment and are subject to international conventions and international,
national, state and local laws and regulations in force in the countries in which such vessels operate or are registered. 

 The Company's vessels undergo regular and rigorous in-house safety
inspections and audits. In addition, a variety of governmental and private entities subject the Company's vessels to both scheduled
and unscheduled inspections. These entities include USCG, local port state control authorities (harbor master or equivalent),
coastal states, Classification Societies and customers, particularly major oil companies and petroleum terminal operators. Certain
of these entities require OSG to obtain permits, licenses and certificates for the operation of the Company's vessels. Failure
to maintain necessary permits or approvals could require OSG to incur substantial costs or temporarily suspend operation of one
or more of the Company's vessels. 

 The Company believes that the heightened level of environmental,
health, safety and quality awareness among various stakeholders, including insurance underwriters, regulators and charterers,
is leading to greater safety and other regulatory requirements and a more stringent inspection regime on all vessels. In recognition
of this heightened awareness, the Company has set internal goals for environmental, health, safety and quality that are intended
to meet the higher expectations of our stakeholders. The Company is required to maintain operating standards for all of its vessels
emphasizing operational safety and quality, environmental stewardship, preventive planned maintenance, continuous training of
its officers and crews and compliance with international and U.S. regulations. OSG believes that the operation of its vessels
is in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. However, because such laws and regulations are changed frequently,
and new laws and regulations impose new or increasingly stringent requirements, OSG cannot predict the cost of complying with
requirements beyond those that are currently in force. The impact of future regulatory requirements on operations or the resale
value or useful lives of its vessels may result in substantial additional costs in meeting new legal and regulatory requirements.
See Item 1A, "Risk Factors-Compliance with complex laws, regulations, and, in particular, environmental laws or regulations,
including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases, may adversely affect OSG's business." 

 U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations and Standards 

 The United States regulates the shipping industry with an extensive
regulatory and liability regime for environmental protection and cleanup of oil spills, consisting primarily of the Oil Pollution
Act of 1990 ("OPA 90"), and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA").
OPA 90 affects all owners and operators whose vessels trade with the United States or its territories or possessions, or whose
vessels operate in the waters of the United States, which include the U.S. territorial sea and the 200 nautical mile Exclusive
Economic Zone around the United States. CERCLA applies to the discharge of hazardous substances (other than oil) whether on land
or at sea. Both OPA 90 and CERCLA impact the Company's operations. 

 Liability Standards and Limits 

 Under OPA 90, vessel owners, operators and bareboat or demise charterers
are responsible parties who are liable, without regard to fault, for all containment and clean-up costs and other
damages, including property and natural resource damages and economic loss without physical damage to property, arising from oil
spills and pollution from their vessels. Currently, the limits of OPA 90 liability with respect to (i) tanker vessels with a qualifying
double hull are the greater of $2,200 per gross ton or approximately $18.8 million per vessel that is over 3,000 gross tons; and
(ii) non-tanker vessels, the greater of $1,100 per gross ton or $0.9 million per vessel. The statute specifically permits individual
states to impose their own liability regimes with regard to oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries, and some
states have enacted legislation providing for unlimited liability for discharge of pollutants within their waters. In some cases,
states that have enacted this type of legislation have not yet issued implementing regulations defining vessel owners' responsibilities
under these laws. CERCLA, which applies to owners and operators of vessels, contains a similar liability regime and provides for
cleanup, removal and natural resource damages associated with discharges of hazardous substances (other than oil). Liability under
CERCLA is limited to the greater of $300 per gross ton or $5 million. 

 These limits of liability do not apply, however, where the incident
is caused by violation of applicable U.S. federal safety, construction or operating regulations, or by the responsible party's
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Similarly, these limits do not apply if the responsible party fails or refuses to report
the incident or to cooperate and assist in connection with the substance removal activities. OPA 90 and CERCLA each preserve the
right to recover damages under existing law, including maritime tort law. 

 5 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OPA 90 also requires owners and operators of vessels to establish
and maintain with the USCG evidence of financial responsibility sufficient to meet the limit of their potential strict liability
under the statute. The USCG enacted regulations requiring evidence of financial responsibility consistent with the previous limits
of liability described above for OPA 90 and CERCLA. Under the regulations, evidence of financial responsibility may be demonstrated
by insurance, surety bond, self-insurance, guaranty or an alternative method subject to approval by the Director of the USCG National
Pollution Funds Center. Under OPA 90 regulations, an owner or operator of more than one vessel is required to demonstrate evidence
of financial responsibility for the entire fleet in an amount equal only to the financial responsibility requirement of the vessel
having the greatest maximum strict liability under OPA 90 and CERCLA. OSG has provided the requisite guarantees and has received
certificates of financial responsibility from the USCG for each of its vessels required to have one. 

 OSG has insurance for each of its vessels with pollution liability
insurance in the amount of $1 billion. However, a catastrophic spill could exceed the insurance coverage available, in which event
there could be a material adverse effect on the Company's business. 

 In response to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico
in 2010, the U.S. Congress proposed legislation to create more stringent requirements related to the prevention and response to
oil spills in U.S. waters and to increase both financial responsibility requirements and the limits in liability under OPA 90,
although Congress has not yet enacted any such legislation. In addition to potential liability under OPA 90, vessel owners may
in some instances incur liability on an even more stringent basis under state law in the particular state where the spillage occurred. 

 Other U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations and Standards 

 OPA 90 also amended the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to
require owners and operators of vessels to adopt vessel response plans, including marine salvage and firefighting plans, for reporting
and responding to vessel emergencies and oil spill scenarios up to a worst case scenario and to identify and ensure,
through contracts or other approved means, the availability of necessary private response resources to respond to a "worst
case discharge." The plans must include contractual commitments with clean-up response contractors and salvage and marine
firefighters in order to ensure an immediate response to an oil spill/vessel emergency. OSG has developed and completed the necessary
submittals of the plans to the USCG. The USCG has approved OSG's vessel response plans. This approval is valid until August
16, 2021 for tank vessels and non-tank vessels. 

 OPA 90 requires training programs and periodic drills for shore
side staff and response personnel and for vessels and their crews. OSG conducts such required training programs and periodic drills. 

 OPA 90 does not prevent individual U.S. states from imposing their
own liability regimes with respect to oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries. In fact, most U.S. states that
border a navigable waterway have enacted environmental pollution laws that impose strict liability on a person for removal costs
and damages resulting from a discharge of oil or a release of a hazardous substance. These laws are in some cases more stringent
than U.S. federal law. 

 In addition, the U.S. Clean Water Act ("CWA") prohibits
the discharge of oil or hazardous substances in U.S. navigable waters and imposes strict liability in the form of penalties for
unauthorized discharges. The CWA also imposes substantial liability for the costs of removal, remediation and damages and complements
the remedies available under the more recent OPA 90 and CERCLA, discussed above. 

 At the federal level in the United States, ballast water management
is subject to two separate, partially interrelated regulatory regimes. One is administered by the USCG under the National Aquatic
Nuisance and Control Act and National Invasive Species Act, and the other is administered by the EPA under the CWA. 

 In March 2012, the USCG promulgated its final rule on ballast water
management for the control of nonindigenous species in U.S. waters. While generally in line with the requirements set out in the
BWM Convention, the final rule requires that treatment systems for domestic and foreign vessels operating in U.S. waters must
be Type Approved by the USCG. The USCG first approved a treatment system as Type Approved in December 2016, and accordingly before
such date the USCG had a policy to issue temporary extensions of the compliance dates for the implementation of approved treatment
systems. OSG has obtained extensions from the USCG of the treatment system requirement and its first compliance date for any of
its vessels is in 2018. OSG expects that its vessels will have Type Approved treatment systems by their extended compliance dates.
Each vessel will be required to install the treatment systems during the vessels next scheduled drydock through 2022. 

 The discharge of ballast water and other substances incidental
to the normal operation of vessels in U.S. ports also is subject to CWA permitting requirements. In accordance with the EPA's
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, the Company is subject to a Vessel General Permit ("VGP"), which
addresses, among other matters, the discharge of ballast water and effluents. The current VGP, which was issued in 2013, identifies
twenty-six vessel discharge streams and establishes numeric ballast water discharge limits that generally align with the treatment
technologies to be implemented under USCG's 2012 final rule, requirements to ensure that the ballast water treatment systems
are functioning correctly, and more stringent effluent limits for oil to sea interfaces and exhaust gas scrubber wastewater. As
of December 31, 2016, the Company believes that its fleet is in compliance with the currently applicable requirements of the
VGP. The VGP contains a compliance date schedule for these requirements. The VGP standards and requirements are due for modification
and renewal in 2018. 

 6 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Certain of the Company's vessels are subject to more stringent
numeric discharge limits under the EPA's VGP, even though those vessels have obtained a valid extension from the USCG for
implementation of treatment technology under its 2012 final rule. The EPA has determined that it will not issue extensions under
the VGP, but in December 2013 it issued an Enforcement Response Policy ("ERP") to address this industry-wide issue.
Under the ERP, the EPA states that vessels that have received an extension from the USCG, are in compliance with all of the VGP's
requirements other than the numeric discharge limits, and meet certain other requirements will be entitled to a "low enforcement
priority." While OSG believes that any vessel that is or may become subject to the VGP's numeric discharge limits
during the pendency of a USCG extension will be entitled to such low priority treatment under the ERP, no assurance can be given
that they will do so. 

 Legislation has also been proposed in the U.S. Congress to amend
the federal regimes for regulation of ballast water discharges. However, it cannot currently be determined whether such legislation
will eventually be enacted, and if enacted, how the Company's operations might be impacted under such legislation. 

 The VGP system also permits individual states and territories to
impose more stringent requirements for discharges into the navigable waters of such state or territory. Certain individual states
have enacted legislation or regulations addressing hull cleaning and ballast water management. For example, on October 10, 2007,
California enacted law AB 740, legislation expanding regulation of ballast water discharges and the management of hull-fouling
organisms. California has extensive requirements for more stringent effluent limits and discharge monitoring and testing requirements
with respect to discharges in its waters. Due to delays by manufacturers in developing ballast water treatment systems that are
able to comply with these effluent limits and in creating equipment to reliably test such compliance, the compliance date for
all vessels making ballast water discharges in California waters have been deferred to the first scheduled drydocking after January
1, 2020. OSG's vessels and systems are currently in compliance with the California discharge standards. 

 Following an assessment by the California State Lands Commission
of the current technology for meeting ballast water management standards, the deadline for compliance for interim standards has
been extended from 2016 to 2020 and the deadline for final "zero detect" standards has been extended from 2020 to
2030. 

 New York State has imposed a more stringent bilge water discharge
requirement for vessels in its waters than what is required by the VGP or IMO. Through its Section 401 Certification of the VGP,
New York prohibits the discharge of all bilge water in its waters. New York State also requires that vessels entering its waters
from outside the Exclusive Economic Zone must perform ballast water exchange in addition to treating it with a ballast water treatment
system. 

 The Company anticipates that, in the next several years, compliance
with the various conventions, laws and regulations relating to ballast water management that have already been adopted or that
may be adopted in the future will require substantial additional capital and/or operating expenditures and could have operational
impacts on OSG's business. Although OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may
be material to OSG's financial statements. 

 U.S. Air Emissions Standards 

 As discussed above, MARPOL Annex VI came into force in the United
States in January 2009. In April 2010, EPA adopted regulations implementing the provisions of Annex VI. Under these regulations,
both U.S. Flag and International Flag vessels subject to the engine and fuel standards of Annex VI must comply with the applicable
Annex VI provisions when they enter U.S. ports or operate in most internal U.S. waters. The Company's vessels are currently Annex
VI compliant. Accordingly, absent any new and onerous Annex VI implementing regulations, the Company does not expect to incur
material additional costs in order to comply with this convention. 

 The U.S. Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended by the Clean Air Act
Amendments of 1977 and 1990 ("CAA"), requires the EPA to promulgate standards applicable to emissions of volatile
organic compounds and other air contaminants. OSG's vessels are subject to vapor control and recovery requirements for certain
cargoes when loading, unloading, ballasting, cleaning and conducting other operations in regulated port areas. Each of the Company's
vessels operating in the transport of clean petroleum products in regulated port areas where vapor control standards are required
has been outfitted with a vapor recovery system that satisfies these requirements. In addition, the EPA issued emissions standards
for marine diesel engines. The EPA has implemented rules comparable to those of Annex VI to increase the control of air pollutant
emissions from certain large marine engines by requiring certain new marine-diesel engines installed on U.S. registered ships
to meet lower NOx standards which will be implemented in two phases. The newly built engine standards that became effective in
2011 require more efficient use of current engine technologies, including engine timing, engine cooling, and advanced computer
controls to achieve a 15 to 25 percent NOx reduction below previous levels. The new long-term standards for newly built engines
apply beginning in 2016 and require the use of high efficiency emission control technology such as selective catalytic reduction
to achieve NOx reductions 80 percent below the pre-2016 levels. Adoption of these and emerging standards may require substantial
modifications to some of the Company's existing marine diesel engines and may require the Company to incur substantial capital
expenditures. Moreover, the North American ECA, encompassing the area extending 200 miles from the coastlines of the Atlantic,
Gulf and Pacific coasts and the eight main Hawaiian Islands, became effective on August 1, 2012, and the United States Caribbean
Sea ECA, encompassing water around Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, became effective on January 1, 2014. Fuel used by
all vessels operating in the ECA cannot exceed 0.1% sulfur, effective January 1, 2015. The Company believes that its vessels are
in compliance with the current requirements of the ECAs. From 2016, NOx after-treatment requirements also apply. If other ECAs
are approved by the IMO or other new or more stringent requirements relating to emissions from marine diesel engines or port operations
by vessels are adopted by the EPA or the states where OSG operates, compliance could require or affect the timing of significant
capital and/or operating expenditures that could be material to OSG's consolidated financial statements. 

 7 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The CAA also requires states to draft State Implementation Plans
("SIPs"), designed to attain national health-based air quality standards in major metropolitan and industrial areas.
Where states fail to present approvable SIPs, or SIP revisions by certain statutory deadlines, the EPA is required to draft a
Federal Implementation Plan. Several SIPs regulate emissions resulting from barge loading and degassing operations by requiring
the installation of vapor control equipment. Where required, the Company's vessels are already equipped with vapor control systems
that satisfy these requirements. Although a risk exists that new regulations could require significant capital expenditures and
otherwise increase its costs, the Company believes, based upon the regulations that have been proposed to date, that no material
capital expenditures beyond those currently contemplated and no material increase in costs are likely to be required as a result
of the SIPs program. 

 Individual states have been considering their own restrictions
on air emissions from engines on vessels operating within state waters. California requires certain ocean going vessels operating
within 24 nautical miles of the Californian coast to reduce air pollution by using only low-sulfur marine distillate fuel rather
than bunker fuel in auxiliary diesel and diesel-electric engines, main propulsion diesel engines and auxiliary boilers. Vessels
sailing within 24 miles of the California coastline whose itineraries call for them to enter any California ports, terminal facilities,
or internal or estuarine waters must use marine gas oil or marine diesel oil with a sulfur content at or below 0.1% sulfur. The
Company believes that its vessels that operate in California waters are in compliance with these regulations. 

 The Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environment Control
("DNREC") monitors OSG's U.S. Flag Lightering activities within the Delaware River. Lightering activities in
Delaware are subject to Title V of the Coastal Zone Act of 1972, and OSG is the only marine operator with a Title V permit to
engage in Lightering operations. These Lightering activities are monitored and regulated through DNREC's Title V air permitting
process. The regulations are designed to reduce the amount of VOCs entering the atmosphere during a crude oil Lightering operation.
DNREC and OSG have worked in cooperation to reduce the amount of emitted VOCs by defining the vapor balancing process between
Lightering vessels and ships to be lightered. 

 This defined process has reduced air emissions associated with
venting of crude oil vapors to the atmosphere. In accordance with its Title V permit, OSG's Delaware Lightering fleet is
100% vapor balance capable. 

 SOLAS 

 From January 1, 2014, various amendments to the SOLAS conventions
came into force, including an amendment to Chapter VI of SOLAS, which prohibits the blending of bulk liquid cargoes during sea
passage and the production process on board ships. This prohibition does not preclude the master of the vessel from undertaking
cargo transfers for the safety of the ship or protection of the marine environment. The prohibition does not apply to the blending
of products for use in the search and exploitation of the sea-bed mineral resources on board vessels used to facilitate such operations. 

 Chapter VII of SOLAS has also been amended to require certain transport
information to be provided in respect of the carriage of dangerous goods in package form. A copy of one of these documents must
be made available to any person designated by the port state authority before the ship's departure. 

 The International Code on the Enhanced Program of inspections during
surveys of Bulk Carriers and Oil Tankers, 2011 has been made mandatory ("ESP Code") pursuant to an amendment to SOLAS.
The ESP Code provides requirements for an enhanced program of inspection during surveys of tankers. 

 International and U.S. Greenhouse Gas Regulations 

 In February 2005, the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change ("UNFCCC") (commonly called the Kyoto Protocol) became effective. Pursuant to the Kyoto
Protocol, adopting countries are required to implement national programs to reduce emissions of certain gases, generally referred
to as greenhouse gases ("GHGs"), which contribute to global warming. The Kyoto Protocol, which was adopted by about
190 countries, commits its parties by setting internationally binding emission reduction targets. In December 2012, the Doha Amendment
to the Kyoto Protocol was adopted to further extend the Kyoto Protocol's GHG emissions reductions through 2020. The United
Nations Climate Change Conference has continued negotiations and forged a new international framework in December 2015 (the "Paris
Agreement") that is to take effect by 2020. The Paris Agreement sets a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature
to well below 2 degrees Celsius and pursuing efforts to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius, to be achieved by aiming to
reach a global peaking of GHG emissions as soon as possible. To meet these objectives, the participating countries, acting individually
or jointly, are to develop and implement successive "nationally determined contributions." The countries will assess
their collective programs toward achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement every five years beginning in 2023, referred to as
the global stocktake, and subsequently are to update and enhance their actions on climate change. The Paris Agreement does not
specifically require controls on shipping or other industries, but it is possible that countries or groups of countries will seek
to impose such controls as they implement the Paris Agreement. 

 8 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The IMO's third study of GHG emissions from the global shipping
fleet which concluded in 2014 predicted that, in the absence of appropriate policies, greenhouse emissions from ships may increase
by 50% to 250% by 2050 due to expected growth in international seaborne trade. Methane emissions are projected to increase rapidly
(albeit from a low-base) as the share of LNG in the fuel mix increases. With respect to energy efficiency measures, the Marine
Environmental Protection Committee ("MEPC") adopted guidelines on the Energy Efficiency Design Index ("EEDI"),
which reflects the primary fuel for the calculation of the attained EEDI for ships having dual fuel engines using LNG and liquid
fuel oil (see discussion below). The IMO is committed to developing limits on greenhouse gases from international shipping and
is working on proposed mandatory technical and operational measures to achieve these limits. 

 In 2011, the European Commission established a working group on
shipping to provide input to the European Commission in its work to develop and assess options for the inclusion of international
maritime transport in the GHG reduction commitment of the EU. The MRV Regulation was adopted on April 29, 2015 and creates an
EU-wide framework for the monitoring, reporting and verification of carbon dioxide emissions from maritime transport. The MRV
Regulation requires large ships (over 5,000 gross tons) calling at EU ports from January 1, 2018, to collect and later publish
verified annual data on carbon dioxide emissions. 

 In the United States, pursuant to an April 2007 U.S. Supreme Court
decision, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") was required to consider whether carbon dioxide should
be considered a pollutant that endangers public health and welfare, and thus subject to regulation under the U.S. Clean Air Act.
On December 1, 2009, the EPA issued an "endangerment finding" regarding GHGs under the Clean Air Act. While this finding
in itself does not impose any requirements on industry or other entities, the EPA is in the process of promulgating regulations
of GHG emissions. To date, the regulations proposed and enacted by the EPA have not involved ocean-going vessels. 

 Future passage of climate control legislation or other regulatory
initiatives by the IMO, EU, United States or other countries where OSG operates that restrict emissions of GHGs could require
significant additional capital and/or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on OSG's business. Although
OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may be material to OSG's results of operations. 

 International Environmental and Safety Regulations and Standards 

 Liability Standards and Limits 

 Many countries have ratified and follow the liability plan adopted
by the IMO and set out in the International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage of 1969 (the 1969 Convention ).
Some of these countries have also adopted the 1992 Protocol to the 1969 Convention (the 1992 Protocol ). Under both
the 1969 Convention and the 1992 Protocol, a vessel's registered owner is strictly liable for pollution damage caused in the territorial
waters of a contracting state by discharge of persistent oil, subject to certain complete defenses. These conventions also limit
the liability of the shipowner under certain circumstances. As these conventions calculate liability in terms of a basket of currencies,
the figures in this section are converted into U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates on January 8, 2017 and are approximate.
Actual dollar amounts are used in this section "-Liability Standards and Limits" and in "-U.S. Environmental
and Safety Regulations and Standards-Liability Standards and Limits" below. 

 Under the 1969 Convention, except where the owner is guilty of
actual fault, its liability is limited to $4.0 million for a ship not exceeding 5,000 units of tonnage (a unit of measurement
for the total enclosed spaces within a vessel) and $565 per gross ton thereafter, with a maximum liability of $80.1 million. Under
the 1992 Protocol, the owner's liability is limited except where the pollution damage results from its personal act or omission,
committed with the intent to cause such damage, or recklessly and with knowledge that such damage would probably result. Under
the 2000 amendments to the 1992 Protocol, which became effective on November 1, 2003, liability is limited to $6.1 million plus
$848 for each additional gross ton over 5,000 for vessels of 5,000 to 140,000 gross tons, and $120.1 million for vessels over
140,000 gross tons, subject to the exceptions discussed above for the 1992 Protocol. 

 Vessels trading to states that are parties to these conventions
must provide evidence of insurance covering the liability of the owner. The Company believes that its P&I insurance will cover
any liability under the plan adopted by the IMO. See the discussion of insurance in "-U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations
and Standards-Liability Standards and Limits" below. 

 The United States is not a party to the 1969 Convention or the
1992 Protocol. See "- U.S. Environmental and Safety Restrictions and Regulations" above. In other jurisdictions where
the 1969 Convention has not been adopted, various legislative schemes or common law govern, and liability is imposed either on
the basis of fault or in a manner similar to that convention. 

 9 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil
Pollution Damage, 2001, which became effective on November 21, 2008, is a separate convention adopted to ensure that adequate,
prompt and effective compensation is available to persons who suffer damage caused by spills of oil when used as fuel by vessels.
The convention applies to damage caused to the territory, including the territorial sea, and in its exclusive economic zones,
of states that are party to it. While the United States has not yet ratified this convention, vessels operating internationally
would be subject to it, if sailing within the territories of those countries that have implemented its provisions. The Company
believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. 

 Other International Environmental and Safety Regulations and
Standards 

 Under the International Safety Management Code ("ISM Code"),
promulgated by the IMO, vessel operators are required to develop a safety management system that includes, among other things,
the adoption of a safety and environmental protection policy describing how the objectives of a functional safety management system
will be met. The Company has a safety management system for its fleet, with instructions and procedures for the safe operation
of its vessels, reporting accidents and non-conformities, internal audits and management reviews and responding to emergencies,
as well as defined levels of responsibility. The ISM Code requires the Company to have a Document of Compliance ("DoC")
for the vessels it operates and a Safety Management Certificate ("SMC") for each vessel it operates. Once issued,
these certificates are valid for a maximum of five years. The Company in turn must undergo an annual internal audit and an external
verification audit in order to maintain the DoC. In accordance with the ISM Code, each vessel must also undergo an annual internal
audit at intervals not to exceed twelve months and vessels must undergo an external verification audit twice in a five-year period.
The Company maintains a DoC and is also certified under the standards promulgated by the International Standards Organization
in ISO 9001 in 2008 (Quality Management) and in ISO 14001 in 2008 (Environmental Management) for the management of operation of
oil tankers, chemical tankers and other cargo ships. 

 The SMC is issued after verifying that the company responsible
for operating the vessel and its shipboard management operate in accordance with the approved safety management system. No vessel
can obtain a certificate unless its operator has been awarded a DoC issued by the administration of that vessel's flag state
or as otherwise permitted under the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea, 1974, as amended ("SOLAS"). 

 IMO regulations also require owners and operators of vessels to
adopt Shipboard Oil Pollution Emergency Plans ("SOPEPs"). Periodic training and drills for response personnel and
for vessels and their crews are required. In addition to SOPEPs, OSG has adopted Shipboard Marine Pollution Emergency Plans ("SMPEPs"),
which cover potential releases not only of oil but of any noxious liquid substances ("NLSs"). Noncompliance with the
ISM Code and other IMO regulations may subject the shipowner or charterer to increased liability, may lead to decreases in available
insurance coverage for affected vessels and may result in the denial of access to, or detention in, some ports. For example, the
USCG and EU authorities have indicated that vessels not in compliance with the ISM Code will be prohibited from trading to U.S.
and EU ports. 

 The International Convention for the Control and Management of
Ships' Ballast Water and Sediments ("BWM Convention") is designed to protect the marine environment from the introduction
of non-native (alien) species as a result of the carrying of ships' ballast water from one place to another. The introduction
of non-native species has been identified as one of the top five threats to biological diversity. Expanding seaborne trade and
traffic have exacerbated the threat. Tankers must take on ballast water in order to maintain their stability and draft, and must
discharge the ballast water when they load their next cargo. When emptying the ballast water, which they carried from the previous
port, they may release organisms and pathogens that have been identified as being potentially harmful in the new environment. 

 The BWM Convention was adopted in 2004 and will enter into force
on September 8, 2017. The BWM Convention is applicable to new and existing vessels that are designed to carry ballast water. It
defines a discharge standard consisting of maximum allowable levels of critical invasive species. This standard will likely be
met by installing treatment systems that render the invasive species non-viable. In addition, each vessel will be required to
have on board a valid International Ballast Water Management Certificate, a Ballast Water Management Plan and a Ballast Water
Record Book. 

 OSG's vessels are subject to other international, national
and local ballast water management regulations (including those described below under "U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations
and Standards"). OSG complies with these regulations through ballast water management plans implemented on each of the vessels
it technically manages. To meet existing and anticipated ballast water treatment requirements, including those contained in the
BWM Convention, OSG has a fleetwide action plan to comply with IMO, EPA, USCG and possibly more stringent U.S. state mandates
as they are implemented and become effective, which may require the installation and use of costly control technologies. Compliance
with the ballast water requirements expected to go into effect under the BWM Convention and other regulations may have material
impacts on OSG's operations and financial results, as discussed above under "U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations
and Standards-Other U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations and Standards." 

 10 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Other EU Legislation and Regulations 

 The EU has adopted legislation that: (1) bans manifestly sub-standard
vessels (defined as those over 15 years old that have been detained by port authorities at least twice in the course of the preceding
24 months) from European waters, creates an obligation for port states to inspect at least 25% of vessels using their ports annually
and provides for increased surveillance of vessels posing a high risk to maritime safety or the marine environment, and (2) provides
the EU with greater authority and control over Classification Societies, including the ability to seek to suspend or revoke the
authority of negligent societies. OSG believes that none of its vessels meet the sub-standard vessel definitions contained
in the EU legislation. EU directives enacted in 2005 and amended in 2009 require EU member states to introduce criminal sanctions
for illicit ship-source discharges of polluting substances (e.g., from tank cleaning operations) which result in deterioration
in the quality of water and has been committed with intent, recklessness or serious negligence. Certain member states of the EU,
by virtue of their national legislation, already impose criminal sanctions for pollution events under certain circumstances. The
Company cannot predict what additional legislation or regulations, if any, may be promulgated by the EU or any other country or
authority, or how these might impact OSG. 

 International Air Emission Standards 

 Annex VI to MARPOL ("Annex VI"), which was designed
to address air pollution from vessels and which became effective internationally on May 19, 2005, sets limits on sulfur oxide
("SOx") and nitrogen oxide ("NOx") emissions from ship exhausts and prohibits deliberate emissions of
ozone depleting substances, such as chlorofluorocarbons. Annex VI also regulated shipboard incineration and the emission of volatile
organic compounds from tankers. Annex VI was amended in 2008 to provide for a progressive and substantial reduction in SOx and
NOx emissions from vessels and allow for the designation of Emission Control Areas ("ECAs") in which more stringent
controls would apply. The primary changes were that the global cap on the sulfur content of fuel oil was reduced to 3.50% from
4.50% effective from January 1, 2012, and such cap is further reduced progressively to 0.50% effective from January 1, 2020. Further,
the sulfur content of fuel oil for vessels operating in designated ECAs was progressively reduced from 1.5% to 1.0% effective
July 2010 and further reduced to 0.1% effective January 2015. Currently designated ECAs are: the Baltic Sea area, the North Sea
area, the North American area (covering designated coastal areas off the United States and Canada) and the United States Caribbean
Sea area (around Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands). For vessels over 400 gross tons, Annex VI imposes various
survey and certification requirements. The U.S. Maritime Pollution Prevention Act of 2008 amended the U.S. Act to Prevent Pollution
from Ships to provide for the adoption of Annex VI. In October 2008, the U.S. ratified Annex VI, which came into force in the
United States on January 8, 2009. 

 In addition to Annex VI, there are regional mandates in ports and
certain territorial waters within the EU regarding reduced SOx emissions. These requirements establish maximum allowable limits
for sulfur content in fuel oils used by vessels when operating within certain areas and waters and while "at berth."
In December 2012, an EU directive that aligned the EU requirements with Annex VI entered into force. For vessels at berth in EU
ports, sulfur content of fuel oil is limited to 0.1%. For vessels operating in SOx Emission Control Areas ("SECAs"),
sulfur content of fuel oil is limited to 1% as of June 18, 2014, which was reduced to 0.1% as of January 1, 2015. For vessels
operating outside SECAs, sulfur content of fuel oil is limited to 3.5% as of June 18, 2014, further reducing to 0.5% as of January
1, 2020. Alternatively, emission abatement methods are permitted as long as they continuously achieve reductions of SOx emissions
that are at least equivalent to those obtained using compliant marine fuels. 

 More stringent Tier III emission limits are applicable to engines
installed on a ship constructed on or after January 1, 2016 operating in ECAs. NOx emission Tier III standards came into force
on January 1, 2016 in ECAs. 

 Additional air emission requirements under Annex VI became effective
on July 1, 2010 mandating the development of Volatile Organic Compound ("VOC") Management Plans for tank vessels and
certain gas ships. 

 In July 2011, the IMO further amended Annex VI to include energy
efficiency standards for "new ships" through the designation of an EEDI. The EEDI standards apply to new ships of
400 gross tons or above (except those with diesel-electric, turbine or hybrid propulsion systems). "New ships" for
purposes of this standard are those for which the building contract was placed on or after January 1, 2013; or in the absence
of a building contract, the keel of which is laid or which is at a similar stage of construction on or after July 1, 2013; or
the delivery of which is on or after July 1, 2015. The EEDI standards phase in from 2013 to 2025 and are anticipated to result
in significant reductions in fuel consumption, as well as air and marine pollution. In 2011, IMO's Greenhouse Gas Work Group
agreed on Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan ("SEEMP") development guidelines, which were provided by the MEPC,
Resolution MEPC.213 (63), which adopted the 2012 development guidelines on March 2, 2012, entered into force on January 1, 2013.
The SEEMP, unlike the EEDI, applies to all ships of 400 gross tons and above. The verification of the requirement to have a SEEMP
on board shall take place at the first or intermediate or renewal survey, whichever is the first, on or after January 1, 2013.
Each of the vessels technically managed by the Company has a SEEMP, which was prepared in accordance with these development guidelines
and addresses technically viable options that create value added strategies to reduce the vessels' energy footprint through
the implementation of specific energy saving measures. An Energy Efficiency Certificate ("IEEC") is to be issued for
both new and existing ships of 400 gross tons or above. The IEEC shall be issued once for each ship and shall be valid throughout
its lifetime, until the ship is withdrawn from service or unless a new certificate is issued following a major conversion of the
ship, or until transfer of the ship to the flag of another state. 

 The Company believes that its vessels are compliant with the current
requirements of Annex VI and that those of its vessels that operate in the EU are also compliant with the regional mandates applicable
there. However, the Company anticipates that, in the next several years, compliance with the increasingly stringent requirements
of Annex VI and other conventions, laws and regulations imposing air emission standards that have already been adopted or that
may be adopted will require substantial additional capital and/or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on
OSG's business. Although OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may be material
to OSG's financial statements. 

 11 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Security Regulations and Practices 

 Security at sea has been a concern to governments, shipping lines,
port authorities and importers and exporters for years. Since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, there have been a variety
of initiatives intended to enhance vessel security. In 2002, the U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 ("MTSA")
came into effect and the USCG issued regulations in 2003 implementing certain portions of the MTSA by requiring the implementation
of certain security requirements aboard vessels operating in waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. Similarly,
in December 2002, a coalition of 150 IMO contracting states drafted amendments to SOLAS by creating a new subchapter dealing specifically
with maritime security. This new subchapter, which became effective in July 2004, imposes various detailed security obligations
on vessels and port authorities, most of which are contained in the International Ship and Port Facilities Security Code (the
"ISPS Code"). The ISPS Code is applicable to all cargo vessels of 500 gross tons plus all passenger ships operating
on international voyages, mobile offshore drilling units, as well as port facilities that service them. The objective of the ISPS
Code is to establish the framework that allows detection of security threats and implementation of preventive measures against
security incidents that can affect ships or port facilities used in international trade. Among other things, the ISPS Code requires
the development of vessel security plans and compliance with flag state security certification requirements. To trade internationally,
a vessel must attain an International Ship Security Certificate ("ISSC") from a recognized security organization approved
by the vessel's flag state. 

 All of OSG's vessels have developed and implemented vessel
security plans that have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities, have obtained ISSCs and comply with applicable
security requirements. 

 The Company monitors the waters in which its vessels operate for
pirate activity. Company vessels that transit areas where there is a high risk of pirate activity follow best management practices
for reducing risk and preventing pirate attacks and are in compliance with protocols established by the naval coalition protective
forces operating in such areas. 

 INSPECTION BY CLASSIFICATION SOCIETIES 

 Every oceangoing vessel must be "classed"
by a Classification Society. The Classification Society certifies that the vessel is "in class" signifying that the
vessel has been built and maintained in accordance with the rules of the Classification Society and complies with applicable rules
and regulations of the vessel's country of registry and the international conventions of which that country is a member.
In addition, where surveys are required by international conventions and corresponding laws and ordinances of a flag state, the
Classification Society will undertake them on application or by official order, acting on behalf of the authorities concerned. 

 The Classification Society also undertakes
on request other surveys and checks that are required by regulations and requirements of the flag state. These surveys are subject
to agreements made in each individual case and/or to the regulations of the country concerned. 

 For maintenance of the class certification,
regular and extraordinary surveys of hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and any special equipment classed are required
to be performed as follows: 

 Annual
 Surveys . For seagoing ships, annual surveys are conducted for the hull and the
 machinery, including the electrical plant and where applicable for special equipment
 classed, at intervals of 12 months from the date of commencement of the class period
 indicated in the certificate. 

 Intermediate
 Surveys . Extended annual surveys are referred to as intermediate surveys and
 typically are conducted two and one-half years after commissioning and each class renewal.
 Intermediate surveys may be carried out on the occasion of the second or third annual
 survey. 

 Class
 Renewal Surveys . Class renewal surveys, also known as Special Surveys, are carried
 out for the ship's hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and for any
 special equipment classed, at the intervals indicated by the character of classification
 for the hull. At the special survey the vessel is thoroughly examined, including audio-gauging
 to determine the thickness of the steel structures. Should the thickness be found to
 be less than class requirements, the Classification Society would prescribe steel renewals.
 The Classification Society may grant a one-year grace period for completion of the special
 survey. Substantial amounts of money may have to be spent for steel renewals to pass
 a special survey if the vessel experiences excessive wear and tear. In lieu of the special
 survey every four or five years, depending on whether a grace period was granted, a shipowner
 has the option of arranging with the Classification Society for the vessel's hull
 or machinery to be on a continuous survey cycle, in which every part of the vessel would
 be surveyed within a five-year cycle. Upon a shipowner's request, the surveys required
 for class renewal may be split according to an agreed schedule to extend over the entire
 period of class survey period. This process is referred to as continuous class renewal. 

 12 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Vessels are required to dry dock for inspection
of the underwater hull at each intermediate survey and at each class renewal survey. For vessels less than 15 years old,
Classification Societies permit for intermediate surveys in water inspections by divers in lieu of dry docking, subject to other
requirements of such Classification Societies. 

 If defects are found during any survey,
the Classification Society surveyor will issue a "recommendation" which must be rectified by the vessel owner within
prescribed time limits. 

 Most insurance underwriters make it a
condition for insurance coverage that a vessel be certified as "in class" by a Classification Society that is a member
of the International Association of Classification Societies, or the IACS. In December 2013, the IACS adopted new harmonized Common
Structure Rules, which will apply to crude oil tankers and dry bulk carriers to be constructed on or after July 1, 2015.
All our vessels are currently, and we expect will be, certified as being "in class" by the American Bureau of Shipping,
("ABS"), a major classification society. All new and secondhand vessels that we acquire must be certified prior to
their delivery under our standard purchase contracts and memorandum of agreement. If the vessel is not certified on the date of
closing, we have no obligation to take delivery of the vessel. 

 INSURANCE 

 Consistent with the currently prevailing practice in the industry,
the Company presently carries protection and indemnity ("P&I") insurance coverage for pollution of $1.0 billion
per occurrence on every vessel in its fleet. P&I insurance is currently provided by three mutual protection and indemnity
associations ("P&I Associations"), all of whom are members of the International Group. The P&I Associations
that comprise the International Group insure approximately 90% of the world's commercial tonnage and have entered into a pooling
agreement to reinsure each association's liabilities. Each P&I Association has capped its exposure to each of its members
at approximately $7.5 billion. As a member of a P&I Association that is a member of the International Group, the Company is
subject to calls payable to the P&I Associations based on its claim record as well as the claim records of all other members
of the individual Associations of which it is a member, and the members of the pool of P&I Associations comprising the International
Group. As of December 31, 2016, the Company was a member of three P&I Associations. Each of the Company's vessels is
insured by one of these three Associations with deductibles ranging from $0.025 million to $0.1 million per vessel per incident.
While the Company has historically been able to obtain pollution coverage at commercially reasonable rates, no assurances can
be given that such insurance will continue to be available in the future. 

 The Company carries marine hull and machinery and war risk (including
piracy) insurance, which includes the risk of actual or constructive total loss, for all of its vessels. The vessels are each
covered up to at least their fair market value, with deductibles ranging from $0.1 million to $0.125 million per vessel per incident.
The Company is self-insured for hull and machinery claims in amounts in excess of the individual vessel deductibles up to a maximum
aggregate loss of $.750 million per policy year. 

 The Company currently maintains loss of hire insurance to cover
loss of charter income resulting from accidents or breakdowns of its three shuttle tankers. Loss of hire insurance covers up to
120 days lost charter income per vessel per incident in excess of the first 60 days lost for each covered incident, which is borne
by the Company. 

 TAXATION OF THE COMPANY 

 The following summary of the principal U.S. tax laws applicable
to the Company, as well as the conclusions regarding certain issues of tax law, are based on the provisions of the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), existing and proposed U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative
rulings, pronouncements and judicial decisions, all as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No assurance can be given
that changes in or interpretation of existing laws will not occur or will not be retroactive or that anticipated future circumstances
will in fact occur. 

 All of the Company's International Flag vessels were owned
or operated by foreign corporations that are subsidiaries of INSW (a Marshall Islands corporation), which, prior to the spin-off
from OSG, was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

 For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2004, the Company
generally was not required to include the undistributed foreign shipping income earned by INSW in its taxable income on a current
basis under the "Subpart F" provisions of the Code. However, as a result of borrowings from 2000 to 2011 under certain
credit agreements, as well as intercompany balances, OSG was deemed to have received distributions that were subject to U.S. income
taxes under Section 956 of the Code. 

 Taxation to INSW of its Shipping Income 

 INSW derived substantially all of its gross income from the use
and operation of vessels in international commerce. This income principally consists of hire from time and voyage charters for
the transportation of cargoes and the performance of services directly related thereto, which is referred to herein as "shipping
income." 

 13 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 INSW was exempt from taxation on its U.S. source shipping income
under Section 883 of the Code and Treasury regulations as it was a CFC and more than 50 percent of the total value of its stock
was owned by OSG or certain other U.S. persons. 

 Taxation to OSG of INSW's Shipping Income 

 The U.S. tax rules applicable to the income of the Company's
subsidiaries have undergone several changes over the years, with the result that different pools of earnings are subject to slightly
different regimes, which are discussed below. 

 Foreign shipping income earned before 1976 was not subject to tax
unless actually distributed to the United States. For taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 1976 and ending on or before
December 31, 1986, the Company did not include in income the undistributed shipping income of its foreign subsidiaries that was
reinvested in so-called "qualified shipping assets." For taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 1987, the
Company was required to include in income the deferred shipping income from this pre-1987 period to the extent that, at the end
of any year, the investment in qualified shipping assets was less than the Company's amount of qualified shipping assets
at December 31, 1986. The Company did maintain its investments in qualified shipping assets in excess of it pre-1987 deferred
shipping income up to November 30, 2016, the date of the spin-off of INSW. 

 For taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 1987 and ending
on or before December 31, 2004, the Company was subject to current taxation on the shipping income of its foreign subsidiaries.
However, for years beginning on or after January 1, 2005, the Company was generally not required to include in taxable income
INSW's undistributed shipping income unless INSW repatriated cash and assets held outside the United States in excess of
its previously taxed income. 

 U.S. Tonnage Tax Regime 

 The Company made an election to have the foreign operations of
the Company's U.S. Flag vessels taxed under a "tonnage tax" regime rather than the usual U.S. corporate income
tax regime. As a result, the Company's gross income for U.S. income tax purposes with respect to eligible U.S. Flag vessels
for 2005 and subsequent years does not include (1) income from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e., transportation
between the United States and foreign ports or between foreign ports), (2) income from cash, bank deposits and other temporary
investments that are reasonably necessary to meet the working capital requirements of qualifying shipping activities, and (3)
income from cash or other intangible assets accumulated pursuant to a plan to purchase qualifying shipping assets. The Company's
taxable income with respect to the operations of its eligible U.S. Flag vessels, of which there are two, is based on a "daily
notional taxable income," which is taxed at the highest U.S. corporate income tax rate. The daily notional taxable income
from the operation of a qualifying vessel is 40 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel up to 25,000 net tons, and
20 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel in excess of 25,000 net tons. The taxable income of each qualifying vessel
is the product of its daily notional taxable income and the number of days during the taxable year that the vessel operates in
U.S. foreign trade. 

 Tax Treatment of the Spin-Off 

 Although the matter is not entirely free from doubt, we believe
that the spin-off of INSW likely did not qualify under Section 355 of the Code as a tax-free corporate division, because among
other matters, we believe that INSW would not be viewed as engaged in an "active trade or business" within the meaning
of that Code section. Accordingly, this discussion assumes that Section 355 did not apply to the spin-off and that, as a result,
the spin-off will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a taxable distribution by OSG to OSG's common stockholders
and warrant holders (together, "OSG equity holders") in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of
INSW Common Stock received by such OSG equity holders, determined as of the date of spin-off. 

 OSG would be required to recognize
any taxable gain, but would not be permitted to recognize any taxable loss, with respect to INSW common stock that it distributed
in the spin-off. Because we believe that OSG's basis in the INSW common stock exceeded the fair market value of the INSW
stock as of the date of the spin-off, we do not believe that OSG will be required to recognize any taxable gain on account of
the spin-off. 

 14 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 The following important risk factors could cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements made in this report or presented elsewhere by management
from time to time. If any of the circumstances or events described below actually arise or occur, the Company's business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Actual dollar amounts are used in this Item
1 A. "Risk Factors" section. 

 Risks Related to Our Industry 

 The highly cyclical nature of the industry may lead to volatile
changes in charter rates and vessel values, which could adversely affect the Company's earnings and available cash. 

 The tanker industry is both cyclical and volatile in terms of charter
rates and profitability. Fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values result from changes in supply and demand both for tanker
capacity and for oil and oil products. Factors affecting these changes in supply and demand are generally outside of the Company's
control. The nature, timing and degree of changes in industry conditions are unpredictable and could adversely affect the values
of the Company's vessels or result in significant fluctuations in the amount of charter revenues the Company earns, which
could result in significant volatility in OSG's quarterly results and cash flows. Factors influencing the demand for tanker
capacity include: 

 supply
 and demand for, and availability of, energy resources such as oil, oil products and natural
 gas, which affect customers' need for vessel capacity; 

 global
 and regional economic and political conditions, including armed conflicts, terrorist
 activities and strikes, that among other things could impact the supply of oil, as well
 as trading patterns and the demand for various vessel types; 

 regional
 availability of refining capacity and inventories; 

 changes
 in the production levels of crude oil (including in particular production by OPEC, the
 United States and other key producers); 

 changes
 in seaborne and other transportation patterns, including changes in the distances that
 cargoes are transported, changes in the price of crude oil and changes to the West Texas
 Intermediate and Brent Crude Oil pricing benchmarks; 

 environmental
 and other legal and regulatory developments and concerns; 

 construction
 or expansion of new or existing pipelines or railways; 

 weather
 and natural disasters; 

 competition
 from alternative sources of energy; and 

 international
 sanctions, embargoes, import and export restrictions or nationalizations and wars. 

 Factors influencing the supply of vessel capacity include: 

 the
 number of newbuilding deliveries; 

 the
 scrapping rate of older vessels; 

 the
 number of vessels being used for storage; 

 the
 conversion of vessels from transporting oil and oil products to carrying dry bulk cargo
 or vice versa; 

 the
 number of vessels that are removed from service; 

 availability
 and pricing of other energy sources such as natural gas for which tankers can be used
 or to which construction capacity may be dedicated; 

 15 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 port
 or canal congestion; and 

 environmental
 and maritime regulations. 

 Many of the factors that influence the demand for tanker capacity
will also, in the longer term, effectively influence the supply of tanker capacity, since decisions to build new capacity, invest
in capital repairs, or to retain in service older obsolescent capacity are influenced by the general state of the marine transportation
industry from time to time. 

 The market value of vessels fluctuates significantly, which
could adversely affect OSG's liquidity or otherwise adversely affect its financial condition. 

 The market value of vessels has fluctuated over time. The fluctuation
in market value of vessels over time is based upon various factors, including: 

 age
 of the vessel; 

 general
 economic and market conditions affecting the tanker industry, including the availability
 of vessel financing; 

 number
 of vessels in the Jones Act fleet; 

 types
 and sizes of vessels available; 

 changes
 in trading patterns affecting demand for particular sizes and types of vessels; 

 cost
 of newbuildings; 

 prevailing
 level of charter rates; 

 competition
 from other shipping companies and from other modes of transportation; and 

 technological
 advances in vessel design and propulsion. 

 Jones Act vessel market values have, on average, generally declined
over the past several years. In addition, as vessels grow older, they generally decline in value. These factors will affect the
value of the Company's vessels at the time of any vessel sale. If OSG sells a vessel at a sale price that is less than the
vessel's carrying amount on the Company's financial statements, OSG will incur a loss on the sale and a reduction
in earnings and surplus. In addition, declining values of the Company's vessels could adversely affect the Company's
liquidity by limiting its ability to raise cash by refinancing vessels. 

 Declines in charter rates and other market deterioration
could cause OSG to incur impairment charges. 

 The Company evaluates events and changes in circumstances that
have occurred to determine whether they indicate that the carrying amount of the vessel assets might not be recoverable. This
review for potential impairment indicators and projection of future cash flows related to the vessels is complex and requires
the Company to make various estimates, including future freight rates, earnings from the vessels, market appraisals and discount
rates. All of these items have historically been volatile. The Company evaluates the recoverable amount of a vessel asset as the
sum of its undiscounted estimated future cash flows. If the recoverable amount is less than the vessel's carrying amount,
the vessel's carrying amount is then compared to its estimated fair value, which is determined using vessel appraisals or
discounted estimated future cash flows. If the vessel's carrying amount is less than its fair value, it is deemed impaired.
The carrying values of the Company's vessels may differ significantly from their fair market value. Impairment charges aggregating
$104.4 million on seven of the Company's eight rebuilt Jones Act ATBs were recorded during 2016. 

 An increase in the supply of vessels without a commensurate
increase in demand for such vessels could cause charter rates to decline, which could adversely affect OSG's revenues, profitability
and cash flows, as well as the value of its vessels. 

 The marine transportation industry has historically been highly
cyclical, as the profitability and asset values of companies in the industry have fluctuated based on changes in the supply and
demand of vessels. If the number of new ships of a particular class delivered exceeds the number of vessels of that class being
scrapped, available capacity in that class will increase. In the U.S. domestic market, as of December 31, 2016, there were firm
orders to build five tankers and four ATBs, representing approximately 10% of the existing Jones Act fleet of Product Carriers
and large ATBs (defined as vessels having carrying capacities of between 0.14 million barrels and 0.35 million barrels, which
excludes numerous tank barges below 0.14-million- barrel capacity and 11 much larger tankers dedicated exclusively to the Alaskan
crude oil trade). Given the smaller number of tankers operating in the U.S. domestic market, even a limited increase in capacity
supply may negatively impact the market and may have a material adverse effect on OSG's revenues, profitability and cash
flows. 

 16 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Shipping is a business with inherent risks, and OSG's
insurance may not be adequate to cover its losses. 

 OSG's vessels and their cargoes are at risk of being damaged
or lost because of events including, but not limited to: 

 marine
 disasters; 

 bad
 weather; 

 mechanical
 failures; 

 human
 error; 

 war,
 terrorism and piracy; 

 grounding,
 fire, explosions and collisions; and 

 other
 unforeseen circumstances or events. 

 In addition, transporting crude oil is at risk of business interruptions
due to labor strikes, port closings and boycotts. These hazards may result in death or injury to persons; loss of revenues or
property; environmental damage; higher insurance rates; damage to OSG's customer relationships; and market disruptions,
delay or rerouting, which may also subject OSG to litigation. In addition, the operation of tankers has unique operational risks
associated with the transportation of oil. An oil spill may cause significant environmental damage and the associated costs could
exceed the insurance coverage available to the Company. Compared to other types of vessels, tankers are also exposed to a higher
risk of damage and loss by fire, whether ignited by a terrorist attack, collision, or other cause, due to the high flammability
and high volume of the oil transported in tankers. Furthermore, any such incident could seriously damage OSG's reputation
and cause OSG either to lose business or to be less likely to enter into new business (either because of customer concerns or
changes in customer vetting processes). Any of these events could result in loss of revenues, decreased cash flows and increased
costs. 

 While the Company carries insurance to protect against certain
risks involved in the conduct of its business, risks may arise against which the Company is not adequately insured. For example,
a catastrophic spill could exceed OSG's $1 billion per vessel insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on its
operations. There are certain liability limits and standards established under OPA 90 and CERCLA that may impact our operations.
See Item 1. "U.S. Environmental and Safety Regulations and Standards" above for additional information. In addition,
OSG may not be able to procure adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future, and OSG cannot guarantee
that any particular claim will be paid by its insurers. In the past, new and stricter environmental regulations have led to higher
costs for insurance covering environmental damage or pollution, and new regulations could lead to similar increases or even make
this type of insurance unavailable. Furthermore, even if insurance coverage is adequate to cover the Company's losses, OSG
may not be able to timely obtain a replacement ship in the event of a loss. OSG may also be subject to calls, or premiums, in
amounts based not only on its own claim records but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity
associations through which OSG obtains insurance coverage for tort liability. OSG's payment of these calls could result
in significant expenses which would reduce its profits and cash flows or cause losses. 

 Constraints on capital availability have adversely affected
the tanker industry and OSG's business. 

 Constraints on capital that have occurred during recent years have
adversely affected the financial condition of certain of the Company's customers, financial lenders and suppliers. Entities
that suffer a material adverse impact on their financial condition may be unable or unwilling to comply with their contractual
commitments to OSG including the refusal or inability of customers to pay charter hire to OSG or the inability or unwillingness
of financial lenders to honor their commitments to lend funds. While OSG seeks to monitor the financial condition of its customers,
financial lenders and suppliers, the availability and accuracy of information about the financial condition of such entities and
the actions that OSG may take to reduce possible losses resulting from the failure of such entities to comply with their contractual
obligations may be limited. Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on OSG's revenues, profitability and cash
flows. In addition, adverse financial conditions may inhibit these entities from entering into new commitments with OSG, which
could also have a material adverse effect on OSG's revenues, profitability and cash flows. 

 17 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The Company also faces other potential constraints on capital relating
to counterparty credit risk and constraints on OSG's ability to borrow funds. See also, "Risk Factors-Risks Related
to Our Company ___ The Company is subject
to credit risks with respect to its counterparties on contracts and any failure by these counterparties to meet their obligations
could cause the Company to suffer losses on such contracts, decreasing revenues and earnings" and " Risks
Related to Our Company ___ OSG has incurred significant indebtedness which could affect its ability to finance its
operations, pursue desirable business opportunities and successfully run its business in the future, all of which could affect
OSG's ability to fulfill its obligations under that indebtedness." 

 The current state of the financial markets and current economic
conditions may adversely impact the Company's ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms and otherwise negatively
impact the Company's business. 

 Financial markets and economic conditions have been, and continue
to be, volatile. In recent years, businesses in the economy have faced tightening credit, weakening demand for goods and services,
deteriorating liquidity conditions, volatile interest rates, and declining markets. There has been a general decline in the willingness
of banks and other financial institutions to extend credit, particularly in the shipping industry, due to the historically volatile
asset values of vessels. As the shipping industry is highly dependent on the availability of credit to finance and expand operations,
companies within the shipping industry have been negatively affected by this decline. 

 Also, as a result of concerns about the stability of financial
markets generally and the solvency of counterparties specifically, the cost of obtaining money from the credit markets has increased
as many lenders have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards, refused to refinance existing debt at all or
on terms similar to current debt and reduced, and in some cases ceased to provide, funding to borrowers. Due to these factors,
additional financing may not be available if needed and to the extent required, on acceptable terms or at all. If additional financing
is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, the Company may be unable to meet its obligations as
they come due or the Company may be unable to execute its business strategy, complete additional vessel acquisitions, or otherwise
take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. 

 OSG conducts certain of its operations internationally, which
subjects the Company to changing economic, political and governmental conditions abroad that may adversely affect its business. 

 The Company conducts certain of its operations internationally,
and its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by changing economic, political
and government conditions in the countries and regions where its vessels are employed. 

 OSG must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations,
such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government
officials, anti-money laundering laws; and anti-competition regulations. Moreover, the shipping industry is generally considered
to present elevated risks in these areas. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal
sanctions, restrictions on the Company's business operations and on the Company's ability to transport cargo to one
or more countries, and could also materially affect the Company's brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international
operations, business and operating results. Although OSG has policies and procedures designed to achieve compliance with these
laws and regulations, OSG cannot be certain that its employees, contractors, joint venture partners or agents will not violate
these policies and procedures. OSG's operations may also subject its employees and agents to extortion attempts. 

 Changes in fuel prices may adversely affect profits. 

 Fuel is a significant, if not the largest, expense in the Company's
shipping operations when vessels are under voyage charter. Accordingly, an increase in the price of fuel may adversely affect
the Company's profitability if these increases cannot be passed onto customers. The price and supply of fuel is unpredictable
and fluctuates based on events outside the Company's control, including geopolitical developments; supply and demand for
oil and gas; actions by OPEC, and other oil and gas producers; war and unrest in oil producing countries and regions; regional
production patterns; and environmental concerns. Fuel may become much more expensive in the future, which could reduce the profitability
and competitiveness of the Company's business compared to other forms of transportation. 

 Public health threats could have an adverse effect on the
Company's operations and financial results. 

 Public health threats and other highly communicable diseases, outbreaks
of which have already occurred in various parts of the world near where OSG operates, could adversely impact the Company's
operations, the operations of the Company's customers and the global economy, including the worldwide demand for crude oil
and the level of demand for OSG's services. Any quarantine of personnel, restrictions on travel to or from countries in
which OSG operates, or inability to access certain areas could adversely affect the Company's operations. Travel restrictions,
operational problems or large-scale social unrest in any part of the world in which OSG operates, or any reduction in the demand
for tanker services caused by public health threats in the future, may impact OSG's operations and adversely affect the
Company's financial results. 

 18 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Acts of piracy on ocean-going vessels could adversely affect
the Company's business. 

 Although the Company's fleet operates mainly in U.S. waters,
there are occasions when a vessel may be in an area where pirate attacks are a concern. The frequency of pirate attacks on seagoing
vessels remains high, particularly in the western part of the Indian Ocean, off the west coast of Africa and in the South China
Sea. If piracy attacks result in regions in which the Company's vessels are deployed being characterized by insurers as
"war risk" zones, as the Gulf of Aden has been, or Joint War Committee "war and strikes" listed areas,
premiums payable for insurance coverage could increase significantly, and such insurance coverage may become difficult to obtain.
Crew costs could also increase in such circumstances due to risks of piracy attacks. 

 In addition, while OSG believes the charterer remains liable for
charter payments when a vessel is seized by pirates, the charterer may dispute this and withhold charter hire until the vessel
is released. A charterer may also claim that a vessel seized by pirates was not "on-hire" for a certain number of
days and it is therefore entitled to cancel the charter party, a claim the Company would dispute. The Company may not be adequately
insured to cover losses from these incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, hijacking
as a result of an act of piracy against the Company's vessels, or an increase in the cost (or unavailability) of insurance
for those vessels, could have a material adverse impact on OSG's business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Such attacks may also impact the Company's customers, which could impair their ability to make payments to the
Company under its charters. 

 Terrorist attacks and international hostilities and instability
can affect the tanker industry, which could adversely affect OSG's business. 

 Terrorist attacks, the outbreak of war, or the existence of international
hostilities could damage the world economy, adversely affect the availability of and demand for crude oil and petroleum products
and adversely affect both the Company's ability to charter its vessels and the charter rates payable under any such charters.
In addition, OSG operates in a sector of the economy that is likely to be adversely impacted by the effects of political instability,
terrorist or other attacks, war or international hostilities. In the past, political instability has also resulted in attacks
on vessels, mining of waterways and other efforts to disrupt international shipping, particularly in the Arabian Gulf region.
These factors could also increase the costs to the Company of conducting its business, particularly crew, insurance and security
costs, and prevent or restrict the Company from obtaining insurance coverage, all of which could have a material adverse effect
on OSG's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Risks Related to Our Company 

 As a result of the spin-off of INSW on November 30, 2016,
OSG's historical financial information may not be a reliable indicator of OSG's future financial results and the spin-off
may adversely affect OSG's business. 

 In accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2014-08, Reporting
Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, the assets and liabilities and results
of operations of INSW are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Accordingly, all references made to
financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to OSG's continuing operations, unless specifically noted. 
Accordingly, the historical financial information included in this Annual Report does not necessarily reflect the financial
condition, operating performance or cash flows that OSG would have achieved without INSW as a wholly owned subsidiary during
the periods presented or those that OSG will achieve in the future, including as a result of the following
factors: 

 Prior
 to the spin-off, OSG or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for
 INSW, such as treasury, accounting, auditing, legal, investor relations and finance.
 OSG's historical results reflect allocations of corporate expenses to INSW for
 such functions. In connection with the spin-off, OSG may incur additional expenses for
 such services after the spin-off. 

 As
 a result of the spin-off, the cost of capital of OSG's business may be higher than
 its cost of capital prior to the spin-off. 

 OSG may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial
benefits expected to result from the spin-off or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The anticipated benefits may
not be achieved for a variety of reasons, including among others: 

 The
 separation of our business from INSW and provision of services to INSW under the Transition
 Services Agreement require significant amounts of management's time and effort
 in developing standalone organizations which may divert management's attention
 from operating and growing OSG's business; 

 Following
 the spin-off, OSG may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events
 than if INSW was still a part of OSG; and 

 Following
 the spin-off, OSG's business is less diversified and has a more concentrated exposure
 to U.S specific risks such as the Jones Act market than prior to the spin-off. 

 If OSG fails to achieve some or all of the benefits to result from
the spin-off, or if such benefits are delayed, it could have an adverse effect on OSG's competitive position, financial
condition, operating results or cash flows. 

 19 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OSG has incurred significant indebtedness which could affect
its ability to finance its operations, pursue desirable business opportunities and successfully run its business in the future,
all of which could affect OSG's ability to fulfill its obligations under that indebtedness. 

 As of December 31, 2016, OSG had $525.1 million of outstanding
indebtedness. OSG's substantial indebtedness and interest expense could have important consequences, including: 

 limiting
 OSG's ability to use a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations in
 other areas of its business, including for working capital, capital expenditures and
 other general business activities, because OSG must dedicate a substantial portion of
 these funds to service its debt; 

 to
 the extent OSG's future cash flows are insufficient, requiring the Company to seek
 to incur additional indebtedness in order to make planned capital expenditures and other
 expenses or investments; 

 limiting
 OSG's ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital,
 capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and other expenses or
 investments planned by the Company; 

 limiting
 the Company's flexibility and ability to capitalize on business opportunities and
 to react to competitive pressures and adverse changes in government regulation, and OSG's
 business and industry; 

 limiting
 OSG's ability to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness; 

 increasing
 OSG's vulnerability to a downturn in its business and to adverse economic and industry
 conditions generally; 

 placing
 OSG at a competitive disadvantage as compared to its less-leveraged competitors; 

 limiting
 the Company's ability, or increasing the costs, to refinance indebtedness; and 

 limiting
 the Company's ability to enter into hedging transactions by reducing the number
 of counterparties with whom OSG can enter into such transactions as well as the volume
 of those transactions. 

 OSG's ability to continue to fund its obligations and to
reduce debt may be affected by general economic, financial market, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, among other
things. An inability to fund the Company's debt requirements or reduce debt could have a material adverse effect on OSG's
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Additionally, the actual or perceived credit quality of the Company's
charterers (as well as any defaults by them) could materially affect the Company's ability to obtain the additional capital
resources that it will require to purchase additional vessels or significantly increase the costs of obtaining such capital. The
Company's inability to obtain additional financing at a higher-than-anticipated cost, or at all, could materially affect
the Company's results of operation and its ability to implement its business strategy. 

 The Company may not be able to generate sufficient cash to
service all of its indebtedness, and could in the future breach covenants in its credit facilities and term loans. 

 The Company's earnings, cash flow and the market value of
its vessels vary significantly over time due to the cyclical nature of the tanker industry, as well as general economic and market
conditions affecting the industry. As a result, the amount of debt that OSG can manage in some periods may not be appropriate
in other periods and its ability to meet the financial covenants to which it is subject or may be subject in the future may vary.
Additionally, future cash flow may be insufficient to meet the Company's debt obligations and commitments. Any insufficiency
could negatively impact OSG's business. 

 The OBS Term Loan and the ABL Facility contain certain restrictions
relating to new borrowings and, the movement of funds between OBS and OSG, as set forth in the loan agreement. Furthermore, drawdowns
under the OBS ABL Facility borrowings are limited based upon the available borrowing base, as defined in that loan agreement and,
if availability falls below a certain amount for a specified period of time, the administrative agent could exercise cash dominion
rights permitting it to invoke control rights over certain of our accounts. While the Company was in compliance with these requirements
as of December 31, 2016, a decrease in vessel values could cause the Company to breach certain covenants its existing credit
facilities and term loans, or in future financing agreements that the Company may enter into from time to time. If the Company
breaches such covenants and is unable to remedy the relevant breach or obtain a waiver, the Company's lenders could accelerate
its debt and foreclose on the Company's owned vessels. 

 20 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 A range of economic, competitive, financial, business, industry
and other factors will affect future financial performance, and, accordingly, the Company's ability to generate cash flow
from operations and to pay debt. Many of these factors, such as charter rates, economic and financial conditions in the tanker
industry and the economy or competitive initiatives of competitors, are beyond the Company's control. If OSG does not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy its debt obligations, it may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such
as: 

 refinancing
 or restructuring its debt; 

 selling
 tankers or other assets; 

 reducing
 or delaying investments and capital expenditures; or 

 seeking
 to raise additional capital. 

 Undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, might not
allow OSG to meet its debt obligations. The Company's ability to restructure or refinance its debt will depend on the condition
of the capital markets, its access to such markets and its financial condition at that time. The 8.125% unsecured Notes will mature
on March 30, 2018. To remain in compliance with the OBS ABL Facility, the Company's current plan is to pay off or refinance
the outstanding balance on its 8.125% unsecured Notes by December 29, 2017. Any refinancing of debt could be at higher interest
rates and might require the Company to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict OSG's business operations.
In addition, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict OSG from adopting certain alternatives. These alternative
measures may not be successful and may not permit OSG to meet its scheduled debt service obligations. The Company's inability
to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, to meet the covenants of its credit agreements and term loans
and/or to obtain alternative financing in such circumstances, could materially and adversely affect OSG's business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 The Company will be required to make additional capital expenditures
to expand the number of vessels in its fleet and to maintain all of its vessels, which depend on additional financing. 

 The Company has not started or completed construction on any vessels
during the five years ended December 31, 2016. The Company's business strategy is based in part upon the expansion of its
fleet through the purchase of additional vessels at attractive points. If OSG is unable to fulfill its obligations under any memorandum
of agreement or newbuilding construction contract for future vessel acquisitions, the sellers of such vessels may be permitted
to terminate such contracts and the Company may be required to forfeit all or a portion of the down payments it made under such
contracts and it may also be sued for any outstanding balance. In addition, as a newbuilding vessel must be drydocked within five
years of its delivery from a shipyard, with survey cycles of no more than 60 months for the first three surveys, and 30 months
thereafter, not including any unexpected repairs, the Company will incur significant maintenance costs for its existing and any
newly-acquired vessels. As a result, if the Company does not utilize its vessels as planned, these maintenance costs could have
material adverse effects on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 OSG may not be able to renew Time Charters when they expire
or enter into new Time Charters. 

 OSG's ability to renew expiring contracts or obtain new charters
will depend on the prevailing market conditions at the time of renewal. As of December 31, 2016, OSG employed 16 vessels on Time
Charters, with eight of those charters expiring in 2017, five expiring in 2018, one expiring in 2019, one expiring in 2020 and
one expiring in 2025. The Company's existing Time Charters may not be renewed at comparable rates or if renewed or entered
into, those new contracts may be at less favorable rates. In addition, there may be a gap in employment of vessels between current
charters and subsequent charters. If at a time when OSG is seeking to arrange new charters for its vessels, market participants
expect that less capacity will be necessary in the future (for example, if it is expected that oil and natural gas prices will
decrease in the future, which could suggest that future oil and gas production levels will decline from then-current levels),
OSG may not be able to obtain charters at attractive rates or at all. If, upon expiration of the existing Time Charter, OSG is
unable to obtain Time Charters or Voyage Charters at desirable rates, the Company's business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

 In the highly competitive Jones Act market, OSG may not be
able to compete effectively for charters. 

 The Company's vessels are employed in a highly competitive
market. Competition arises from other vessel owners, including major oil companies, which may have substantially greater resources
than OSG does. Competition for the transportation of crude oil and other petroleum products depends on price, location, size,
age, condition, and the acceptability of the vessel operator to the charterer. To the extent OSG enters into new geographic regions
or provides new services, it may not be able to compete profitably. New markets may involve competitive factors that differ from
those of the Company's current markets, and the competitors in those markets may have greater financial strength and capital
resources than OSG does. 

 21 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OSG may not realize the benefits it
expects from past acquisitions or acquisitions or other strategic transactions it may make in the future. 

 OSG's business strategy includes ongoing efforts to engage
in material acquisitions of assets or ownership interests in entities in the tanker industry and of individual tankers. The success
of OSG's acquisitions will depend upon a number of factors, some of which may not be within its control. These factors include
OSG's ability to: 

 identify
 suitable tankers and/or shipping companies for acquisitions at attractive prices, which
 may not be possible if asset prices rise too quickly; 

 obtain
 financing; 

 identify
 businesses engaged in managing, operating or owning tankers for acquisitions or joint
 ventures; 

 integrate
 any acquired tankers or businesses successfully with the OSG's then-existing operations;
 and 

 enhance
 OSG's customer base. 

 OSG intends to finance these acquisitions by using available cash
from operations and through incurrence of debt or bridge financing, either of which may increase its leverage ratios, or by issuing
equity, which may have a dilutive impact on its existing shareholders. At any given time, OSG may be engaged in a number of discussions
that may result in one or more acquisitions, some of which may be material to OSG as a whole. These opportunities require confidentiality
and may involve negotiations that require quick responses by OSG. Although there can be no certainty that any of these discussions
will result in definitive agreements or the completion of any transactions, the announcement of any such transaction may lead
to increased volatility in the trading price of OSG's securities. 

 Acquisitions and other transactions can also involve a number of
special risks and challenges, including: 

 diversion
 of management time and attention from the Company's existing business and other
 business opportunities; 

 delays
 in closing or the inability to close an acquisition for any reason, including third-party
 consents or approvals; 

 any
 unanticipated negative impact on the Company of disclosed or undisclosed matters relating
 to any vessels or operations acquired; and 

 assumption
 of debt or other liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation related to
 the acquired business. 

 The success of acquisitions or strategic investments depends on
the effective integration of newly acquired businesses or assets into OSG's current operations. Such integration is subject
to risks and uncertainties, including realization of anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract
personnel and clients, the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns, risk of non-compliance with
internal controls over financial reporting for an acquired company, in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and undisclosed
or potential legal liabilities of the acquired company or asset. OSG may not realize the strategic and financial benefits that
it expects from any of its past acquisitions, or any future acquisitions. Further, if a portion of the purchase price of a business
is attributable to goodwill and if the acquired business does not perform up to expectations at the time of the acquisition some
or all of the goodwill may be written off, adversely affecting OSG's earnings. OSG has recorded material write-offs of goodwill
and intangible assets in prior years related to earlier acquisitions it consummated. 

 Changes in demand in specialized markets in which the Company
currently trades may lead the Company to redeploy certain vessels to other markets. 

 The Company deploys its vessels in several specialized markets,
including, without limitation, Lightering in the Delaware Bay. The Company conducts those Lightering operations with two ATBs
which were constructed using funds withdrawn from the CCF. If there is lower demand in these markets, the Company may have to
consider redeploying these two ATBs in other markets. If that occurs, the Company may not be able to compete profitably in the
new markets, and the ATBs may not be able to be redeployed to new markets without substantial modification. In addition, we would
be required to pay daily liquidated damages to MARAD if those vessels were deployed in the contiguous coastwise trades. 

 22 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Operating costs and capital expenses will increase as the
Company's vessels age and may also increase due to unanticipated events relating to secondhand vessels and the consolidation
of suppliers. 

 In general, capital expenditures and other costs necessary for
maintaining a vessel in good operating condition increase as the age of the vessel increases. As of December 31, 2016, the weighted
average age of the Company's total owned and operated fleet was 9.4 years, which is based on the vessels' year of
rebuild, where applicable. Cargo insurance rates are also expected to increase with the age of a vessel, since older vessels may
be less desirable to charterers. Accordingly, it is likely that the operating costs of OSG's currently operated vessels
will increase. In addition, changes in governmental regulations and compliance with Classification Society standards may restrict
the type of activities in which the vessels may engage and/or may require OSG to make additional expenditures for new equipment.
Every commercial tanker must pass inspection by a Classification Society authorized by the vessel's country of registry.
The Classification Society certifies that a tanker is safe and seaworthy in accordance with the applicable rule and regulations
of the country of registry of the tanker and the international conventions of which that country is a number. If a Classification
Society requires the Company to add equipment, OSG may be required to incur substantial costs or take its vessels out of service.
Market conditions may not justify such expenditures or permit OSG to operate its older vessels profitably even if those vessels
remain operational. If a vessel in OSG's fleet does not maintain its class and/or fails any survey, it will be unemployable
and unable to trade between ports. This would negatively impact the Company's results of operation. 

 Furthermore, recent mergers have reduced the number of available
suppliers, resulting in fewer alternatives for sourcing key supplies. With respect to certain items, OSG is generally dependent
upon the original equipment manufacturer for repair and replacement of the item or its spare parts. Supplier consolidation may
result in a shortage of supplies and services, thereby increasing the cost of supplies or potentially inhibiting the ability of
suppliers to deliver on time. These cost increases or delays could result in downtime, and delays in the repair and maintenance
of the Company's vessels and have a material adverse effect on OSG's business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

 The Company derives a substantial portion
of its revenue from a limited number of customers, and the loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers could
materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 The Company's largest customers account
for a significant portion of its revenues. The Company's top five customers comprised approximately 59% of the Company's
revenues during 2016. The loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers could materially adversely affect the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 The lifting of the U.S. crude oil export ban could adversely
impact the Company. 

 Over the last four decades, the ability of U.S. producers to export
domestic crude oil has been restricted by the U.S. government. In December 2015, the U.S. government enacted the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2016, which, among other things, removed the restriction on the export of domestic crude oil from the United
States. The removal of the crude oil export restrictions may result in a continuing decline in demand for coastwise
transportation of crude oil, which may have an adverse impact on the Company. 

 Certain potential customers will not use vessels older than
a specified age, even if they have been subsequently rebuilt. 

 All of the Company's existing ATBs with the exception of
the OSG Vision/OSG 350 and the OSG Horizon/OSG 351 were originally constructed more than 25 years ago. While all of these tug-barge
units were rebuilt and double-hulled since 1998 and are "in-class," meaning the vessel has been certified by a Classification
Society as being built and maintained in accordance with the rules of that Classification Society and complies with the applicable
rules and regulations of the vessel's country of registry and applicable international conventions, some potential customers
have stated that they will not charter vessels that are more than 20 years old, even if they have been rebuilt. Other customers
may not continue to view rebuilt vessels as suitable. With an increase in the supply of newer vessels, customers may become more
selective. If more customers differentiate rebuilt vessels, time charter rates for the Company's rebuilt ATBs will likely
be adversely affected. 

 The Company's significant operating leases could be
replaced on less favorable terms or may not be replaced. 

 The Company's operating fleet includes ten vessels that have
been chartered-in under operating leases. The significant operating leases of the Company in its various businesses expire at
various points in the future and may not be replaced at all or on as favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's future financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

 23 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The Company is subject to credit risks with respect to its
counterparties on contracts, and any failure by those counterparties to meet their obligations could cause the Company to suffer
losses on such contracts, decreasing revenues and earnings. 

 The Company has entered into, and in the future will enter into,
various contracts, including charter agreements and other agreements associated with the operation of its vessels. The Company
charters its vessels to other parties, who pay the company a daily rate of hire. The Company also enters COAs and Voyage Charters.
Historically, the Company has not experienced material problems collecting charter hire but the economic downturn of recent years
has affected charterers more severely than the prior recessions that have occurred since the Company's establishment more
than 45 years ago. Additionally, the Company enters into derivative contracts (interest rate swaps and caps) from time to time.
As a result, the Company is subject to credit risks. The ability of each of the Company's counterparties to perform its
obligations under a contract with it will depend on a number of factors that are beyond the Company's control and may include,
among other things, general economic conditions; availability of debt or equity financing; the condition of the maritime and offshore
industries; the overall financial condition of the counterparty; charter rates received for specific types of vessels; and various
expenses. Charterers are sensitive to the commodity markets and may be impacted by market forces affecting commodities such as
oil. In addition, in depressed market conditions, the Company's charterers and customers may no longer need a vessel that
is currently under charter or contract or may be able to obtain a comparable vessel at lower rates. As a result, the Company's
customers may fail to pay charter hire or attempt to renegotiate charter rates. If the counterparties fail to meet their obligations,
the Company could suffer losses on such contracts which would decrease revenues, cash flows and earnings. 

 The Company depends on its key personnel and may have difficulty
attracting and retaining skilled employees. 

 OSG's success depends to a significant extent upon the abilities
and efforts of its key personnel. The loss of the services of key personnel or the Company's inability to attract, motivate
and retain qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on OSG's business, financial condition
and operating results. In addition, several of the Company's executive officers have served in their current positions for
less than one year. Accordingly, the management team has not worked together as a team for a significant period of time and their
focus and attention may be diverted while they familiarize themselves with OSG's business. 

 Work stoppages or other labor disruptions by the unionized
employees of OSG or other companies in related industries may adversely affect OSG's operations. 

 As of December 31, 2016, OSG had approximately 882 regular full-time
employees, of which 632 employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements with unions. See Item 1, "Business __
 Employees." OSG could be adversely affected by actions taken by employees of OSG or other companies in related industries
(including third parties providing services to OSG) against efforts by management to control labor costs, restrain wage or benefits
increases or modify work practices or the failure of OSG or other companies in its industry to successfully negotiate collective
bargaining agreements. 

 The Company may face unexpected drydock costs for its vessels. 

 Vessels must be drydocked periodically. For example, the USCG requires
the Company's vessels to be drydocked for inspection and maintenance twice every five years. The cost of repairs and renewals
required at each drydock are difficult to predict with certainty, can be substantial and the Company's insurance does not
cover these costs. In addition, vessels may have to be drydocked in the event of accidents or other unforeseen damage, and OSG's
insurance may not cover all of these costs. Vessels in drydock will generally not generate any income. Large drydocking expenses
could adversely affect the Company's results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the time when a vessel is out of
service for maintenance is determined by a number of factors including regulatory deadlines, market conditions, shipyard availability
and customer requirements, and accordingly the length of time that a vessel may be off-hire may be longer than anticipated, which
could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Technological innovation could reduce the Company's
charter income and the value of the Company's vessels. 

 The charter rates and the value and operational life of a vessel
are determined by a number of factors including the vessel's efficiency, operational flexibility and physical life. Efficiency
includes speed, fuel economy and the ability to load and discharge cargo quickly. Flexibility includes the ability to enter harbors,
utilize related docking facilities and pass through canals and straits. The length of a vessel's physical life is related
to its original design and construction, its maintenance and the impact of the stress of operations. If new tankers are built
that are more efficient or more flexible or have longer physical lives than the Company's vessels, competition from these
more technologically advanced vessels could adversely affect the amount of charter payments the Company receives for its vessels
once their initial charters expire and the resale value of the Company's vessels could significantly decrease. As a result,
the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

 Interruption or failure of OSG's information technology
and communications systems could impair its ability to operate and adversely affect its business. 

 OSG is highly dependent on information technology systems. These
dependencies include accounting, billing, disbursement, cargo booking and tracking, vessel scheduling and stowage, equipment tracking,
customer service, banking, payroll and communication systems. Information technology and communication systems are subject to
reliability issues, integration and compatibility concerns, and security-threatening intrusions. OSG may experience failures caused
by the occurrence of a natural disaster, computer hacking or viruses or other unanticipated problems at OSG's facilities,
aboard its vessels or at third-party locations. Any failure of OSG's or third-party systems could result in interruptions
in service, reductions in its revenue and profits, damage to its reputation or liability for the release of confidential information. 

 24 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Effective internal controls are necessary for the Company
to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. 

 The Company maintains a system of internal controls to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with GAAP. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort
that requires the Company to anticipate and react to changes in its business and the economic and regulatory environments and
to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy its reporting obligations
as a public company. 

 The spin-off of INSW involved significant changes to the Company's
operations and senior management, including those with primary responsibility for maintaining the system of internal controls.
The management team has not worked together as a team for a significant amount of time, and their focus and attention may be diverted
while they familiarize themselves with OSG's business and gain knowledge of the Company's financial reporting controls. 

 Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure to maintain that adequacy,
or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase the Company's operating
costs and harm its business. Furthermore, investors' perceptions that the Company's internal controls are inadequate
or that the Company is unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm its stock price. 

 Delays or disruptions in implementing new technological and
management systems could impair the Company's ability to operate and adversely affect its business. 

 The Company is currently in the process of transitioning to a new
software system for managing ship operations. In addition, from time to time the Company will implement or upgrade certain other
technological resources utilized in running its business. The Company could be adversely affected if the new software system it
is implementing for managing ship operations or other new or upgraded technological systems are defective, not installed properly,
fail to perform as marketed or are not properly integrated into existing operations. In addition, the implementation of a new
system may not result in improvements that outweigh the cost of implementation. System implementation failures could have an adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial position, and ability to operate in a complex industry. 

 We could face significant liability if one or more multiemployer
plans in which we participate is reported to have underfunded liabilities and we withdraw from participation in one or more multiemployer
pension plans in which we participate. 

 Certain of the Company's subsidiaries are parties to collective-bargaining
agreements that require them to make contributions to three jointly managed (Company and union) multiemployer pension plans covering
seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. Our required contributions to these plans could increase because of a shrinking contribution
base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these plans, the inability or
failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, lower than expected returns on pension
fund assets or other funding deficiencies. Certain of these multiemployer plans are currently underfunded. Significantly underfunded
pension plans are required to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their under-funding.
As a result, our required contributions to these plans may increase in the future. In addition, a termination of, our voluntary
withdrawal from or a mass withdrawal of all contributing employers from any underfunded multiemployer pension plan to which we
contribute would require us to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of such multiemployer pension plan's
unfunded vested liabilities. See Note 17, "Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefit Plans," to the Company's
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. Requirements to pay increased contributions
or withdrawal liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 

 We may be adversely affected by potential changes in U.S.
tax laws. 

 The U.S. Congress and the new Administration have indicated an
interest in U.S. corporate income tax reform, with possible approaches including lowering the corporate income tax rate and disallowing
any deduction for interest expense except to the extent of interest income. We had significant deferred tax assets at December
31, 2016, which consists primarily of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards that are expected to be realized over
an extended number of years. Although any reduction in the corporate income tax rate would reduce the amount of taxes we would
pay in the future, a reduction in the corporate income tax rate would also result in a decrease in the value of our net operating
loss carryforwards and a reduction to our net income and total equity during the period in which the rate reduction is enacted. 
We also currently benefit from the deduction of interest expense on our indebtedness. Any elimination or modification of
that deduction may increase our cash taxes payable, reducing our future cash available for operations and dividend payments. 

 25 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

 The Company's business would be adversely affected
if it failed to comply with the Jones Act's limitations on U.S. coastwise trade, or if these limitations were waived, modified
or repealed, or if changes in international trade agreements were to occur. 

 A significant majority of the Company's operations are conducted
in the U.S. coastwise trade and are governed by U.S. federal laws commonly known as the "Jones Act". The Jones Act
restricts waterborne transportation of goods between points in the United States to vessels meeting certain requirements, including
ownership and control by "U.S. Citizens" as defined thereunder. The Company is responsible for monitoring the foreign
ownership of its common stock and other interests to ensure compliance with the Jones Act. The Company could lose the privilege
of owning and operating vessels in the Jones Act trade if non-U.S. Citizens were to own or control, in the aggregate, more than
25% of the equity interests in the Company. Such loss would have a material adverse effect on the Company's business and
results of operations. In addition, under certain circumstances failure to comply with the Jones Act may result in the Company
being deemed to have violated other U.S. federal laws that prohibit a foreign transfer of U.S. documented vessels without government
approval, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading privileges or forfeiture of the vessels
deemed transferred, and fines. 

 Additionally, maritime transportation services are currently excluded
from the General Agreement on Trade in Services ("GATS") and are the subject of reservations by the United States
in the North American Free Trade Agreement ("NAFTA") and other international free trade agreements. If maritime transportation
services were included in GATS, NAFTA or other international trade agreements, or if the restrictions contained in the Jones Act
were otherwise repealed or altered, the transportation of maritime cargo between U.S. ports could be opened to international flag
or foreign built vessels. During the past several years, interest groups have lobbied Congress, and legislation has been introduced,
to repeal certain provisions of the Jones Act to facilitate international flag competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved
for U.S. Flag vessels under the Jones Act. The Company expects that continued efforts will be made to modify or repeal the Jones
Act. Because international vessels may have lower construction costs, wage rates and operating costs, this could significantly
increase competition in the coastwise trade, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

 The U.S. government could requisition
the Company's vessels during a period of war or emergency, which may negatively impact the Company's business, financial
condition, results of operations and available cash. 

 The U.S. government could requisition one
or more of the Company's vessels for title or hire. Requisition for title occurs when a government takes control of a vessel
and becomes the owner. Requisition for hire occurs when a government takes control of a vessel and effectively becomes the charterer
at dictated charter rates. Generally, requisitions occur during a period of war or emergency. In addition, two OSG vessels participate
in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department
of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. These vessels are required to trade outside the United States but are
eligible for government-sponsored business. Under the program, OSG receives an annual fee, subject in each case to annual Congressional
appropriations, in exchange for a guarantee that the ships will be made available to the U.S. government in the time of war or
national emergency. The U.S. government requisition of one or more of the Company's vessels may negatively impact the Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash. 

 Compliance with complex laws, regulations, and, in particular,
environmental laws or regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases, may adversely affect OSG's
business. 

 The Company's operations are affected by extensive and changing
international, national and local environmental protection laws, regulations, treaties, conventions and standards. Many of these
requirements are designed to reduce the risk of oil spills. They also regulate other water pollution issues, including discharge
of ballast water and effluents and air emissions, including emission of greenhouse gases. These requirements impose significant
capital and operating costs on OSG, including, without limitation, ones related to engine adjustments and ballast water treatment. 

 Environmental laws and regulations also can affect the resale value
or significantly reduce the useful lives of the Company's vessels, require a reduction in carrying capacity, ship modifications
or operational changes or restrictions (and related increased operating costs) or retirement of service, lead to decreased availability
or higher cost of insurance coverage for environmental matters or result in the denial of access to, or detention in, certain
jurisdictional waters or ports. Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as international treaties and conventions, OSG
could incur material liabilities, including cleanup obligations, in the event that there is a release of petroleum or other hazardous
substances from its vessels or otherwise in connection with its operations. OSG could also become subject to personal injury or
property damage claims relating to the release of or exposure to hazardous materials associated with its current or historic operations.
Violations of or liabilities under environmental requirements also can result in substantial penalties, fines and other sanctions,
including in certain instances, seizure or detention of the Company's vessels. 

 OSG could incur significant costs, including cleanup costs, fines,
penalties, third-party claims and natural resource damages, as the result of an oil spill or liabilities under environmental laws.
The Company is subject to the oversight of several government agencies, including the U.S. Coast Guard, the Environmental Protection
Agency and the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. OPA 90 affects all vessel owners shipping oil
or hazardous material to, from or within the United States. OPA 90 allows for potentially unlimited liability without regard to
fault for owners, operators and bareboat charterers of vessels for oil pollution in U.S. waters. Similarly, the International
Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage, 1969, as amended, which has been adopted by most countries outside of
the United States, imposes liability for oil pollution in international waters. OPA 90 expressly permits individual states to
impose their own liability regimes with regard to hazardous materials and oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries.
Coastal states in the United States have enacted pollution prevention liability and response laws, many providing for unlimited
liability. 

 26 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In addition, in complying with OPA 90, IMO regulations and other
existing laws and regulations and those that may be adopted, shipowners likely will incur substantial additional capital and/or
operating expenditures in meeting new regulatory requirements, in developing contingency arrangements for potential spills and
in obtaining insurance coverage. Key regulatory initiatives that are anticipated to require substantial additional capital and/or
operating expenditures in the next several years include more stringent limits on the sulfur content of fuel oil for vessels operating
in certain areas and more stringent requirements for management and treatment of ballast water. 

 Certain of the Company's vessels are subject to more stringent
numeric discharge limits of ballast water under the EPA's VGP, with additional vessels becoming subject in future years,
even though those vessels have obtained a valid extension from the USCG for implementation of treatment technology under the USCG's
final rules. The EPA has determined that it will not issue extensions under the VGP but has stated that vessels that (i) have
received an extension from the USCG (ii) are in compliance with all of the VGP requirements other than numeric discharge limits
and (iii) meet certain other requirements will be entitled to "low enforcement priority". While OSG believes that
any vessel that is or may become subject to the more stringent numeric discharge limits of ballast water meets the conditions
for "low enforcement priority," no assurance can be given that they will do so. If the EPA determines to enforce the
limits for such vessels, such action could have a material adverse effect on OSG. See Item 1, "Business ___ 
Environmental and Security Matters Relating to Bulk Shipping." 

 Other government regulation of vessels, particularly in the areas
of safety and environmental requirements, can be expected to become stricter in the future and require the Company to incur significant
capital expenditures on its vessels to keep them in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether. Such expenditures
could result in financial and operational impacts that may be material to OSG's financial statements. Additionally, the
failure of a shipowner or bareboat charterer to comply with local, domestic and foreign regulations may subject it to increased
liability, may invalidate existing insurance or decrease available insurance coverage for the affected vessels and may result
in a denial of access to, or detention in, certain ports. If any of our vessels are denied access to, or are detained in, certain
ports, reputation, business, financial results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

 Accidents involving highly publicized oil spills and other mishaps
involving vessels can be expected in the tanker industry, and such accidents or other events could be expected to result in the
adoption of even stricter laws and regulations, which could limit the Company's operations or its ability to do business
and which could have a material adverse effect on OSG's business, financial results and cash flows. In addition, the Company
is required by various governmental and quasi-governmental agencies to obtain certain permits, licenses and certificates with
respect to its operations. The Company believes its vessels are maintained in good condition in compliance with present regulatory
requirements, are operated in compliance with applicable safety and environmental laws and regulations and are insured against
usual risks for such amounts as the Company's management deems appropriate. The vessels' operating certificates and
licenses are renewed periodically during each vessel's required annual survey. However, government regulation of tankers,
particularly in the areas of safety and environmental impact may change in the future and require the Company to incur significant
capital expenditures with respect to its ships to keep them in compliance. 

 Due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries,
including the United States, and international organizations, including the IMO and the UN, have adopted, or are considering the
adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These regulatory measures include, among others, adoption
of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Such
actions could result in significant financial and operational impacts on the Company's business, including requiring OSG
to install new emission controls, acquire allowances or pay taxes related to its greenhouse gas emissions, or administer and manage
a greenhouse gas emission program. See Item 1, "Business ___ Environmental and Security Matters Relating
to Bulk Shipping." In addition to the added costs, the concern over climate change and regulatory measures to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions may reduce global demand for oil and oil products, which would have an adverse effect on OSG's business, financial
results and cash flows. 

 The employment of the Company's vessels could be adversely
affected by an inability to clear the oil majors' risk assessment process. 

 The shipping industry, and especially vessels that transport crude
oil and refined petroleum products, is heavily regulated. In addition, the "oil majors" such as BP, Chevron Corporation,
ConocoPhillips Company, Exxon Mobil Corp., Royal Dutch Shell, and Total S.A. have developed a strict due diligence process for
selecting their shipping partners out of concerns for the environmental impact of spills. This vetting process has evolved into
a sophisticated and comprehensive risk assessment of both the vessel manager and the vessel, including audits of the management
office and physical inspections of the ship. Under the terms of the Company's charter agreements, the Company's charterers
require that the Company's vessels and the technical managers pass vetting inspections and management audits respectively.
The Company's failure to maintain any of its vessels to the standards required by the oil majors could put the Company in
breach of the applicable charter agreement and lead to termination of such agreement. Should the Company not be able to successfully
clear the oil majors' risk assessment processes on an ongoing basis, the future employment of the Company's vessels
could be adversely affected since it might lead to the oil majors' terminating existing charters. 

 27 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The Company may be subject to litigation
and government inquiries or investigations that, if not resolved in the Company's favor and not sufficiently covered by
insurance, could have a material adverse effect on it. 

 The Company has been and is, from time to
time, involved in various litigation matters and subject to government inquiries and investigations. These matters may include,
among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort
claims, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or duties, and other disputes that arise in the ordinary course of the
Company's business. 

 Additionally, there are a number of pending
lawsuits alleging injuries related to purported asbestos exposure in various state and federal courts. The Company believes it
has insurance coverage for the majority, though not all, of these cases. 

 Although the Company intends to defend these matters vigorously,
it cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any such matter, and the ultimate outcome of these matters or the potential
costs to resolve them could involve or result in significant expenditures or losses by the Company, or result in significant changes
to OSG's rules and practices in dealing with its customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
future operating results, including profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. Insurance may not be applicable or sufficient
in all cases and/or insurers may not remain solvent which may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial
condition. The Company's recorded liabilities and estimates of reasonably possible losses for its contingent liabilities
are based on its assessment of potential liability using the information available to the Company at the time and, as applicable,
any past experience and trends with respect to similar matters. However, because litigation is inherently uncertain, the Company's
estimates for contingent liabilities may be insufficient to cover the actual liabilities from such claims, resulting in a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 3, "Legal
Proceedings," and Note 21, "Contingencies," to the Company's consolidated financial statements included
in Item 8, "Financial Statement and Supplementary Data." 

 The smuggling of drugs or other contraband onto the Company's
vessels may lead to governmental claims against the Company. 

 The Company expects that its vessels will call in ports where smugglers
attempt to hide drugs and other contraband on vessels, with or without the knowledge of crew members. To the extent the Company's
vessels are found with contraband, whether inside or attached to the hull of our vessel and whether with or without the knowledge
of any of its crew, we may face governmental or other regulatory claims which could have an adverse effect on the Company's
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Maritime claimants could arrest OSG's vessels, which
could interrupt cash flows. 

 Crew members, suppliers of goods and services to a vessel, shippers
of cargo and other parties may be entitled to a maritime lien against that vessel for unsatisfied debts, claims or damages. In
many jurisdictions, a maritime lien holder may enforce its lien by arresting a vessel through foreclosure proceedings. The arrest
or attachment of one or more of the Company's vessels could interrupt OSG's cash flow and require it to pay a significant
amount of money to have the arrest lifted. Claimants could try to assert "sister ship" liability against one vessel
in the Company's fleet for claims relating to another vessel in its fleet which, if successful, could have an adverse effect
on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 The Company's U.S. federal income tax position in respect
of certain credit agreement borrowings used by INSW is not free from doubt. 

 The Company has taken the position that certain drawdowns by the
Company under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility used solely by INSW should not be taken into account in determining amounts
includible in OSG's income as deemed dividends under section 951(a)(1)(B) and section 956 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, for taxable years 2013 and earlier. Although the Company believes that it has a strong basis for taking
this position, there is no authority directly on point and the Company has established a reserve in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 740. If the IRS were to challenge the Company's position,
the Company's total cash exposure could exceed the reserve, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 28 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Transfers or issuances of the Company's equity may
impair or reduce the Company's ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes
in the future. 

 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or
the Code, contain rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an "ownership change" to utilize its net
operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the ownership change. An "ownership
change" is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50% of a corporation's stock over a rolling three-year
period by stockholders that own (directly or indirectly) 5% or more of the stock of a corporation, or arising from a new issuance
of stock by a corporation. If an ownership change occurs, Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the use of pre-ownership
change NOLs, credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned after the ownership change. The annual limitation
is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company's stock immediately before
the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation for prior years and certain
recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. In addition, Section 383 generally limits the amount of tax liability in any
post-ownership change year that can be reduced by pre-ownership change tax credit carryforwards. If the Company were to undergo
an "ownership change," it could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

 Risks Related to the Common Stock and Warrants 

 The market price of the Company's securities may fluctuate
significantly . 

 The market price of the Company's securities may fluctuate
substantially. You may not be able to resell your Class A common stock or Class A warrants at or above the price you paid for
such securities due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control. These risks include those described
or referred to in this "Risk Factors" section and under "Forward -Looking Statements," as well as, among
other things: fluctuations in the Company's operating results; activities of and results of operations of the Company's
competitors; changes in the Company's relationships with the Company's customers or the Company's vendors; changes
in business or regulatory conditions; changes in the Company's capital structure; any announcements by the Company or its
competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances or joint ventures; additions or departures of key personnel; investors'
general perception of the Company; failure to meet market expectations; future sales of the Company's securities by it,
directors, executives and significant stockholders; changes in domestic and international economic and political conditions; and
other events or factors, including those resulting from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events.
Any of the foregoing factors could also cause the price of the Company's equity securities to fall and may expose the Company
to securities class action litigation. Any securities class action litigation could result in substantial cost and the diversion
of management's attention and resources. 

 In addition, the stock market has recently experienced volatility
that, in some cases, has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad
market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of the Company's securities, regardless of its actual
operating performance. 

 The Company's warrants are thinly traded, and your
ability to sell such securities may be limited. 

 The Company's Class A warrants are currently traded as "restricted
securities" in the over-the-counter market and in privately negotiated transactions among individual holders pursuant to
exemptions from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Transactions are reported as taking place only sporadically. Certain broker-dealers
report quotes for the purchase and sale of Class A warrants. The Company cannot assure you as to the liquidity of any market that
may develop for the Class A warrants, your ability to sell your Class A warrants or the price at which you would be able to sell
such securities. 

 The exercise of outstanding warrants may result in substantial
dilution to the Company's stockholders. 

 As of March 3, 2017, the Company had outstanding 89,255,322 Class
A warrants with an exercise price of $0.01 per share exercisable into an aggregate of 16,958,511 shares of Class A common stock.
If exercised, the shares of Class A common stock underlying these warrants would represent, as of that date, approximately 19%
of the Company's outstanding Class A common stock following such exercise. Accordingly, any such exercise would result in
substantial dilution to the Company's stockholders. 

 The Company's common stock is subject to restrictions
on foreign ownership, which could have a negative impact on the transferability of the Company's common stock, its liquidity
and market value, and on a change of control of the Company. 

 The Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
and Amended and Restated By-Laws authorize its Board of Directors to establish with respect to any class or series of capital
stock of the Company certain rules, policies and procedures, including procedures with respect to transfer of shares, to assist
in monitoring and maintaining compliance with the Jones Act ownership restrictions. In order to provide a reasonable margin for
compliance with the Jones Act, the Company's Board of Directors has determined that until further action by it, at least
77% (the "Minimum Percentage") of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company must be owned
by U.S. Citizens. Moreover, the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws
provide that any purported transfer of equity interests in the Company that caused the percentage of outstanding shares of a class
of capital stock of the Company to fall below the Minimum Percentage will be ineffective to transfer the equity interests or any
voting, dividend or other rights associated with such interests. 

 29 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The percentage of U.S. citizenship ownership of the Company's
outstanding common stock fluctuates based on daily trading, and at times in the past, including at times in 2015 and 2016, has
declined to the Minimum Percentage. At and during such time that the Minimum Percentage is reached with respect to outstanding
shares of a class of the Company's stock, the Company is unable to issue any further shares of such class of common stock
or approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. Citizens among other things. The existence and enforcement of these
ownership restrictions could have an adverse impact on the liquidity or market value of the Company's equity securities.
Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the ownership restrictions could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of
the Company. 

 The Company's outstanding warrants are not subject to the
above ownership restrictions, but the warrants include provisions limiting the right of non-U.S. Citizens to exercise warrants
if the shares of common stock that would be issued upon exercise would cause the percentage of the Company's outstanding
common stock held by U.S. Citizens to decline below the Minimum Percentage. 

 The Company has a limited history of paying cash dividends
on its securities. 

 The Company has not paid any regular cash dividends since the third
quarter of 2011. On February 29, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.08 per share of common stock paid
prior to the end of March 2016. The declaration and timing of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the
Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general
financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law or the SEC and such other factors as our
Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 OSG is a holding company and depends on the ability of its
subsidiaries to distribute funds to it in order to satisfy its financial obligations or pay dividends. 

 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. is a holding company and its subsidiaries
conduct all of its operations and own all of its operating assets. It has no significant assets other than the equity interests
in its subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to satisfy its financial obligations or pay dividends is dependent on the ability
of its subsidiaries to distribute funds to it. In addition, the terms of the OBS Term Loan and the ABL Facility restrict the ability
of OBS and its subsidiaries to distribute funds to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Some provisions of Delaware law and the Company's governing
documents could influence its ability to effect a change of control. 

 Certain provisions of Delaware law and contained in the Company's
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of the Company. In addition, these provisions could make it more difficult to bring about a
change in the composition of the Company's board of directors. For example, the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws: 

 give
 the sole ability to then-current members of its board of directors to fill a vacancy
 on the board of directors; 

 require
 the affirmative vote of two-thirds or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding
 shares of its capital stock in order to amend or repeal certain provisions of its Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws; and 

 establish
 advance notice requirements for nomination for elections to its board of directors or
 for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings . 

 These and other provisions of the Company's organizational
documents and Delaware law may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing changes of control or changes in management,
even if such transactions or changes would have significant benefits for its stockholders. As a result, these provisions could
limit the price some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of the Company's common stock. 

 Separately, the Company has elected to opt out of Section 203 ("Section
203") of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), which restricts certain business combinations between
a Delaware corporation and an "interested stockholder." Accordingly, the Company will be able to enter into such transactions
with its principal stockholders without complying with the requirements of Section 203. The election to opt out of Section 203
could deprive certain stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of the Company,
particularly if it enters into a transaction with an "interested stockholder." 

 30 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 We lease two properties which house offices used in the administration
of our operations: a property of approximately 18,300 square feet in Tampa, Florida, and a property of approximately 2,500 square
feet in Newark, Delaware. We also lease land of 3.2 acres in Tampa, Florida on which two Company-owned buildings aggregating 15,000
square feet sit. 

 We do not own or lease any production facilities, plants, mines
or similar real properties. 

 31 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Vessels: 

 At December 31, 2016, the Company owned or operated an aggregate
of 24 vessels. See tables presented under Item 1, "Business--Fleet Operations." 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 See Note 21, "Contingencies," to the Company's
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this
Form 10-K, for information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

 PART II 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information, Holders and Dividends 

 The Company's common stock was listed for trading in the
over-the-counter ("OTC") market under the trading symbol "OSGIQ" from November 12, 2012 through August
5, 2014. Pursuant to an order by the Bankruptcy Court, the Company suspended trading of the Company's common stock in the
OTC market on June 3, 2014 in order to ensure that all trades in those securities would be able to settle no later than the June
6, 2014 voting record date for the Company's reorganization plan. At emergence from bankruptcy on August 5, 2014, the Company's
common stock was cancelled and the Company issued Class A and Class B common stock (See Item 8, "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data," Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy," and Note 14, "Capital
Stock and Stock Compensation," for additional information relating to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy and
capital structure, respectively). The Company's Class B common stock was subsequently approved for listing on the NYSE MKT
on October 9, 2014 under the trading symbol "OSGB". The Company's Class A common stock was also approved for
listing on the NYSE MKT on December 1, 2015 and began trading under the symbol "OSG" on December 1, 2015. 

 On May 13, 2016, all holders of Class B common stock and Class
B warrants as of May 9, 2016 received a distribution from the Company representing their pro-rata share of the Net Litigation
Recovery (see Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy to the Company's consolidated financial
statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data"). On May 27, 2016, pursuant to the Company's
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the warrant agreement governing the Class B warrants, each Class B common
share and Class B warrant automatically converted to a Class A common share and Class A warrant, respectively. 

 On June 2, 2016, the Board authorized the Company to take action
to transfer the listing of its Class A common stock to the New York Stock Exchange from the NYSE MKT (the "Transfer").
In conjunction with the Transfer, the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the "Reverse Split Amendment"). The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse
stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, par
value $0.01 per share. On June 7, 2016, the Company filed the Reverse Split Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. As previously reported, the Company's stockholders
approved the filing of the Reverse Split Amendment at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders held on June 9, 2015.
The Transfer was approved by the New York Stock Exchange on June 23, 2016. 

 On November 30, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"), OSG
completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. The spin-off
transaction was in the form of a pro rata dividend to holders of OSG common stock and warrants of 100% of the common stock of
INSW. Effective as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the Distribution Date, INSW common stock was distributed, on a pro rata basis,
to OSG's stockholders and warrant holders of record as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on November 18, 2016 (the "Record
Date"). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW common stock for every
share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of INSW common stock for
every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution
(or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). Fractional shares of INSW common stock were not distributed in the spin-off. Holders of
OSG common stock and warrants received cash in lieu of fractional shares. 

 32 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The following table summarizes (i) the quarterly high and low
closing sales prices of the Company's Class A common stock (OSG) since December 1, 2015 and Class B common stock (OSGB)
from January 1, 2015 to May 27, 2016, adjusted to reflect the impact of the one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split described
above. 

 Class
 A common stock (OSG) (a) 
 Class
 B Common Stock (OSGB) (b) 
 
 2016 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 

 (In dollars) 
 (In dollars) 
 
 First Quarter
 (c) 
 16.38 
 11.28 
 20.64 
 12.90 
 
 Second Quarter (c) 
 11.86 
 10.62 
 14.04 
 11.10 
 
 Third Quarter 
 (c) 
 13.09 
 10.19 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fourth Quarter (c) 
 10.70 
 2.92 
 - 
 - 

 Class
 A common stock 
 (OSG) (a) 
 Class
 B Common Stock 
 (OSGB) (b) 
 
 2015 

 High 
 Low 

 First Quarter
 (c) 
 - 
 - 
 33.00 
 24.24 
 
 Second Quarter (c) 
 - 
 - 
 27.18 
 19.92 
 
 Third Quarter 
 (c) 
 - 
 - 
 23.64 
 19.68 
 
 Fourth Quarter (c) 
 19.86 
 15.90 
 22.62 
 18.90 

 (a) Not publicly
 traded prior to December 1, 2015. 

 (b) Converted
 to Class A common stock on May 27, 2016. 

 (c) Stock
 prices prior to June 13, 2016 were adjusted for the one (1) for six (6) reverse stock
 split. 

 On February 13, 2017, there were 292 stockholders of record
of the Company's Class A common stock. 

 On November 20, 2015, the Board of Directors declared a dividend
of one-tenth of one share of Class A common stock for each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock and applied
for listing of its Class A common stock on the NYSE MKT. In connection with the stock dividend, in accordance with the terms of
the outstanding warrants for the Company's Class A and Class B common stock, those warrants were automatically adjusted so that
exercising holders would be entitled to receive, upon exercise, additional shares of Class A common stock in respect of the stock
dividend. 

 On February 29, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend of $0.08 per share of common stock payable prior to the end of March 2016. The declaration and timing of future cash
dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future operations
and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable
law or the SEC and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, the Company's ability to
pay cash dividends in the future may be limited by certain of the Company's loan agreements. 

 As required by the Equity Plan, the Company's Certificate
of Incorporation and the Class B Warrant Agreement, the Company distributed 10%, or $1,423, of the Net Litigation Recovery amount
to the Class B shareholders and warrant holders in May 2016. Approximately $86 of the aforementioned $1,423, which represents
the proportional share of the Net Litigation Recovery payable to the Company's Class B warrant holders, was recognized as
a charge to reorganization items, net in the second quarter of 2016. The balance of $1,337 was distributed in the form of a special
dividend to Class B shareholders. 

 Stockholder Return Performance Presentation 

 Set forth below is a line graph for the period between October
9, 2014 and December 31, 2016 comparing the percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company's
Class A common stock and Class B common stock against the cumulative return of (i) the published Standard and Poor's 500
index and (ii) a peer group index consisting of Frontline Ltd., Teekay Tankers, Ltd., Kirby Corporation, Tsakos Energy Navigation
Limited, Ship Finance International Limited, Nordic American Tankers Limited, DHT Holdings, Inc., Matson, Inc., Ardmore Shipping
Corporation, Scorpio Tankers, Inc. and the Company, referred to as the Peer Group index. The Company believes that this peer group
index is relevant for comparative purposes. 

 33 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* 

 THE COMPANY, S&P 500 INDEX, PEER GROUP
INDEX 

 *Assumes that the value of the investment in the Company's
Class A common stock and Class B common stock and each index was $100 on October 9, 2014 (December 1, 2015 for the Class A common
stock) and that all dividends were reinvested. Historical stock price data prior to June 13, 2016 were adjusted for the one (1)
for six (6) reverse stock split. 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 See Item 12, "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters," for further information on the number of shares of the Company's
Class A common stock that may be issued under the Management Incentive Compensation Plan and the Non-Employee Director Incentive
Compensation Plan. 

 Purchase of Equity Securities 

 See Note 14, "Capital Stock and Stock Compensation,"
to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"
for a description of Class A and Class B warrants exercised in exchange for Class A and Class B common stock, which is incorporated
by reference in this Part I, Item 5. 

 On October 20, 2015, the Board approved a resolution
authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $200,000 worth of shares of the Company's Class A and Class B common stock and
warrants from time to time over the next 24 months, on the open market or otherwise, in such quantities, at such prices, in such
manner and on such terms and conditions as management determines is in the best interests of the Company. Shares owned by employees
and directors of the Company are not eligible for repurchase under this program. The remaining buyback authorization as of December
31, 2016 was approximately $77,025. There were no purchases made by the Company pursuant to the authorized buyback program
during the three months ended December 31, 2016. 

 Unregistered Sales of Securities . 

 See Note 14, "Capital Stock and Stock Compensation,"
to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of Class A warrants exercised in exchange for
Class A common stock, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 5. 

 34 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

 As discussed in Note 1, "Basis of presentation and Description
of Business," to the Company's consolidated
financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," on November 30, 2016 (the
"Distribution Date"), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies
through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned subsidiary International Seaways, Inc. ("INSW"). The spin-off separated
OSG and INSW into two distinct businesses with separate management. OSG retained the U.S. Flag business and INSW holds entities
and other assets and liabilities that formed OSG's former International Flag business. The spin-off transaction was in the
form of a pro rata distribution of INSW's common stock to our stockholders and warrant holders of record as of the close
of business on November 18, 2016 (the "Record Date"). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received
0.3333 shares of INSW's common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants
received 0.3333 shares of INSW's common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised
their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). 

 The selected financial data as of and for the five years ended
December 31, 2016, presented below, is derived from our consolidated financial statements and presented in accordance with Accounting
Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components
of an Entity, and therefore, has been adjusted to reflect the spin-off of INSW on November 30, 2016 and the related classification
of INSW's assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows as discontinued operations. This selected financial
data is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Also, see Note 5, "Discontinued Operations,"
to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. 

 35 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In thousands, except per share amounts and as otherwise stated 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 $ 462,420 
 $ 466,872 
 $ 440,417 
 $ 430,636 
 $ 450,468 
 
 Income/(loss) from vessel operations 
 (35,182 ) 
 80,406 
 66,649 
 63,811 
 59,849 
 
 Income/(loss) before reorganization items and income
 taxes 
 (77,082 ) 
 (12,415 ) 
 (105,633 ) 
 68,065 
 (10,671 ) 
 
 Reorganization items, net 
 10,925 
 (8,052 ) 
 (153,125 ) 
 (70,264 ) 
 (8,024 ) 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (66,157 ) 
 (20,467 ) 
 (258,758 ) 
 (2,198 ) 
 (18,695 ) 
 
 Income/(loss) from continuing operations 
 (1,059 ) 
 80,565 
 (143,206 ) 
 16,764 
 (17,130 ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 89,563 
 76,851 
 67,547 
 67,601 
 69,129 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 328,860 
 276,333 
 (411,482 ) 
 40,201 
 63,571 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 191,089 
 193,978 
 210,986 
 427,984 
 400,996 
 
 Restricted cash -current 
 7,272 
 10,583 
 53,085 
 - 
 - 
 
 Restricted cash - non-current 
 8,572 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total vessels, deferred drydock and other property
 at net book amount 
 715,640 
 902,613 
 929,767 
 952,857 
 1,009,759 
 
 Total assets of continuing
 operations (a) 
 1,030,497 
 1,200,498 
 1,351,255 
 1,502,401 
 1,535,700 
 
 Debt of continuing
 operations (a) (b) 
 525,082 
 691,041 
 1,022,570 
 1,778,694 
 1,782,875 
 
 Allowance for deferred income taxes and reserve
 for unrecognized tax benefits 
 144,586 
 210,715 
 312,485 
 625,698 
 715,708 
 
 Total equity/(deficit) 
 254,332 
 1,580,488 
 1,286,087 
 (60,247 ) 
 534,246 
 
 Per share amounts: 

 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from
 continuing operations 
 (0.01 ) 
 0.83 
 (2.48 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) - Class B and common
 stock from continuing operations 
 (0.11 ) 
 0.83 
 (2.48 ) 
 0.55 
 (0.56 ) 
 
 Equity per share 
 3.62 
 16.33 
 13.27 
 (1.96 ) 
 17.28 
 
 Cash dividends paid - Class A 
 0.48 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash dividends paid - Class B 
 1.56 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) for: 

 Basic earnings per share 

 Class A 
 90,950 
 95,585 
 39,014 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B and common stock 
 534 
 1,320 
 18,676 
 30,483 
 30,339 
 
 Diluted earnings per share 

 Class A 
 90,950 
 95,629 
 39,014 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B and common stock 
 534 
 1,320 
 18,676 
 30,483 
 30,339 
 
 Other data: 

 Time charter equivalent
 revenues (c) 
 446,160 
 449,058 
 414,373 
 400,876 
 401,569 
 
 EBITDA (d) 
 66,557 
 126,749 
 (14,977 ) 
 65,403 
 125,362 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA (d) 
 176,225 
 168,116 
 139,731 
 136,915 
 133,898 

 (a) Total assets and debt for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
 2014, each reflect a reduction in amounts previously reported of $21,676 and $21,935,
 respectively, relating to the retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-03 which required the
 reclassification of unamortized deferred financing costs from other assets to debt. 

 (b) For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, both debt and
 the related unamortized deferred financing costs were components of liabilities subject
 to compromise in the consolidated balance sheet. Therefore, the adoption of ASU 2015-03
 had no impact for such years. Debt shown in the table above for the years ended December
 31, 2013 and 2012 is net of unamortized deferred financing costs related to unsecured
 senior notes of $5,914 for both years. 

 (c) Reconciliations of time charter equivalent revenues to shipping
 revenues as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations follow: 

 36 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 
 Time charter equivalent revenues 
 $ 446,160 
 $ 449,058 
 $ 414,373 
 $ 400,876 
 $ 401,569 
 
 Add: Voyage expenses 
 16,260 
 17,814 
 26,044 
 29,760 
 48,899 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 $ 462,420 
 $ 466,872 
 $ 440,417 
 $ 430,636 
 $ 450,468 

 Consistent with general practice in the shipping
industry, the Company uses time charter equivalent revenues, which represents shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure
to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. Time charter equivalent revenues,
a non-GAAP measure, provides additional meaningful information in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable
GAAP measure, because it assists Company management in decisions regarding the deployment and use of its vessels and in evaluating
their financial performance. 

 (d) EBITDA represents net (loss)/income from continuing operations
 before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted
 EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider
 indicative of our ongoing operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are presented
 to provide investors with meaningful additional information that management uses to monitor
 ongoing operating results and evaluate trends over comparative periods. EBITDA and Adjusted
 EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered a substitute for, net income/(loss)
 or cash flows from operations determined in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted
 EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation,
 or as a substitute for analysis of our results reported under GAAP. Some of the limitations
 are: 

 a. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures,
 or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

 b. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash
 requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

 c. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest
 expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments,
 on our debt. 

 While EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently
used by companies as a measure of operating results and performance, neither of those items as prepared by the Company is necessarily
comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. The following table
reconciles net income/(loss) from continuing operations, as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations, to EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2013 
 2012 
 
 Net (loss)/income from continuing operations 
 $ (1,059 ) 
 $ 80,565 
 $ (143,206 ) 
 $ 16,764 
 $ (17,130 ) 
 
 Income tax benefit from continuing operations 
 (65,098 ) 
 (101,032 ) 
 (115,552 ) 
 (18,962 ) 
 (1,565 ) 
 
 Interest expense 
 43,151 
 70,365 
 176,234 
 - 
 74,928 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 89,563 
 76,851 
 67,547 
 67,601 
 69,129 
 
 EBITDA 
 66,557 
 126,749 
 (14,977 ) 
 65,403 
 125,362 
 
 Severance costs 
 12,996 
 - 
 2,161 
 2,417 
 80 
 
 (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property,
 including impairments 
 104,532 
 207 
 (578 ) 
 (1,168 ) 
 432 
 
 Loss on repurchase of debt 
 2,988 
 26,516 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other costs associated with repurchase of debt 
 77 
 3,099 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Write-off of registration statement costs 
 - 
 3,493 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reorganization items, net 
 (10,925 ) 
 8,052 
 153,125 
 70,263 
 8,024 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 $ 176,225 
 $ 168,116 
 $ 139,731 
 $ 136,915 
 $ 133,898 (1) 

 (1) Includes $40,400 recognized in shipping revenues during
 2012 in relation to the termination, settlement and replacement agreement with Sunoco. 

 37 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The following is a discussion and analysis of (i) industry
operations that have an impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations, (ii) the Company's financial
condition at December 31, 2016 and 2015 and its results of operations comparing the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 and
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, and (iii) critical accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company's
consolidated financial statements. All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except daily dollar amounts and per share amounts. 

 GENERAL 

 We are a leading provider of energy transportation services,
delivering crude oil and petroleum products. We own and operate a combined fleet of 24 vessels registered in the United States.
Our well maintained fleet and commitment to high quality, incident-free service positions us as a preferred service provider of
major oil companies and refiners. 

 Incorporated in 1969, OSG has operated through multiple shipping
cycles, making adjustments to our business as needed to compete and succeed. We provide safe, efficient and reliable transportation
to customers and strive to ensure the highest standards of safety and environmental compliance throughout our organization. 

 Our business operates as a single reportable segment. We believe
that this is appropriate as our chief decision maker and our management team make decisions about resource allocations and review
and measure our results as one line of business with similar regulatory requirements, customers and commodities transported. Our
fleet includes tankers and ATBs, of which 22 operate under the Jones Act and two operate internationally and participate in the
MSP. We own ten ATBs, which consist of eight vessels that transport primarily petroleum products and two that perform lightering
operations in the Delaware Bay. We operate fourteen tankers, ten that have been chartered-in under operating leases and four that
we own, including the two that participate in the MSP. Revenues are derived predominantly from time charter agreements, which
provide a more predictable level of revenues. We derived approximately 17% of our total TCE revenues in the spot market for 2016. 

 On November 30, 2016, OSG completed the separation of its business
into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. INSW holds entities and other assets and liabilities
that formed OSG's former International Flag business, which was made up of two reportable segments International
Crude Tankers and International Product Carriers. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, the assets and liabilities and results of operations of
INSW are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Accordingly, all references made to financial data in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to OSG's continuing operations, unless specifically noted. 

 OPERATIONS AND OIL TANKER MARKETS 

 The Company's revenues are highly
sensitive to patterns of supply and demand for vessels of the size and design configurations owned and operated by the Company
and the trades in which those vessels operate. Rates for the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products are determined
by market forces such as the supply and demand for oil. The demand for oil shipments is significantly affected by the state of
the global economy, level of OPEC exports and oil production in the United States. The number of vessels is affected by newbuilding
deliveries and by the removal of existing vessels from service, principally because of storage, scrappings or conversions. The
Company's revenues are also affected by the mix of charters between spot (Voyage Charter) and long-term (Time or Bareboat
Charter). Because shipping revenues and voyage expenses are significantly affected by the mix between voyage charters and time
charters, the Company manages its vessels based on TCE revenues. Management makes economic decisions based on anticipated TCE
rates and evaluates financial performance based on TCE rates achieved. 

 Estimated TCE rates for prompt Jones
Act Product Carriers and large ATBs decreased during the year ended December 31, 2016 from 2015 for each class of vessel. The
decrease in 2016 compared with 2015 can be attributed to market uncertainty created by the decline in oil prices, the degree to
which sustained low prices might cause U.S. crude oil production to decline further, and the increase in vessel supply. 

 The average monthly rate of production from the Eagle Ford
formation decreased 410,000 b/d, or 28%, in December 2016 compared with December 2015. Eagle Ford crude is transported through
pipeline infrastructure to Corpus Christi, where it is loaded on Jones Act vessels for transportation to refineries in Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi and the Philadelphia area. The reduction in production has led to the redeployment of a number of Jones
Act vessels out of the crude trades into clean product trades, placing significant downward pressure on TCE rates. As of December
2016, 26% of the Jones Act tank vessel fleet deployment was in crude trades compared with 36% in December 2015. Jones Act tank
vessel deployment in US Gulf clean product trades was 44% in December 2016 compared with 35% in December 2015. Adding to the impact
of declining U.S. production was the lifting of the crude oil export ban on December 18, 2015. 

 38 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the industry's entire Jones
Act fleet of Product Carriers and large ATBs (defined as vessels having carrying capacities of between 140,000 barrels and 350,000
barrels, which excludes numerous tank barges below 140,000-barrel capacity and 11 much larger tankers dedicated exclusively to
the Alaskan crude oil trade) consisted of 90 vessels, compared with 79 vessels as of December 31, 2015. There were 12 deliveries
and two vessels scrapped during 2016. The deliveries included eight Product Tankers and four ATBs. The scrapped vessels were two
tankers, one of which was a late 1970s-built Alaskan crude tanker redeployed into the lower-48 coastwise trade during 2015, which
was not part of the 79 vessel count noted above. In addition to the 90 vessels mentioned above, one late-1970s-built Alaskan crude
tanker was sold by Exxon to competitors and redeployed into the lower-48 coastwise trade during 2015. 

 The industry's firm Jones Act orderbook as of December
31, 2016, with deliveries scheduled through the fourth quarter of 2017 consisted of nine vessels (five Product Carriers and four
large ATBs). Options for an additional three ATBs remain open. The Company does not have any Jones Act vessels on order. 

 Delaware Bay lightering volumes averaged 172,000 b/d
in 2016 compared with 105,000 b/d in 2015. The increase resulted from imported crude oil becoming more economically
attractive to Delaware Bay refiners compared with the cost of transporting domestically produced shale oil on vessels that do not require lightering services. 

 RESULTS FROM VESSEL OPERATIONS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 TCE revenues 
 $ 446,160 
 $ 449,058 
 $ 414,373 
 
 Vessel expenses 
 (140,696 ) 
 (138,179 ) 
 (135,079 ) 
 
 Charter hire expenses 
 (91,947 ) 
 (91,875 ) 
 (91,061 ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 (89,257 ) 
 (76,431 ) 
 (66,584 ) 
 
 Income
 from vessel operations (a) 
 $ 124,260 
 $ 142,573 
 $ 121,649 
 
 Average daily TCE rate 
 $ 51,540 
 $ 54,035 
 $ 49,231 
 
 Average number of owned vessels 
 14.0 
 14.0 
 14.0 
 
 Average number of vessels chartered-in under operating leases 
 10.0 
 10.0 
 10.0 
 
 Number of revenue days
 (b) 
 8,657 
 8,311 
 8,417 
 
 Number of ship-operating
 days: (c) 

 Owned vessels 
 5,124 
 5,110 
 5,110 
 
 Vessels bareboat chartered-in under operating leases 
 3,660 
 3,653 
 3,650 
 
 Vessels time chartered-in under operating leases 
 - 
 - 
 8 

 (a) Income from vessel operations is before general and administrative
 expenses, depreciation on non-vessel related fixed assets, technical management transition
 costs, severance costs, and gain/(loss) on disposal of vessels, including impairments. 

 (b) Revenue days represent ship-operating days less days that
 vessels were not available for employment due to repairs, drydock or lay-up. 

 (c) Ship-operating days represent calendar days 

 Reconciliations of time charter equivalent revenues to shipping
revenues as reported in the consolidated statements of operations follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Time charter equivalent revenues 
 $ 446,160 
 $ 449,058 
 $ 414,373 
 
 Add: Voyage expenses 
 16,260 
 17,814 
 26,044 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 $ 462,420 
 $ 466,872 
 $ 440,417 

 The following table provides a breakdown of TCE rates achieved
for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 between spot and fixed earnings and the related revenue days. 

 39 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Spot 
 Fixed 
 Spot 
 Fixed 
 Spot 
 Fixed 

 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 Earnings 
 
 Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

 Average rate 
 $ 27,989 
 $ 64,919 
 $ - 
 $ 64,350 
 $ - 
 $ 58,478 
 
 Revenue days 
 208 
 4,103 
 - 
 4,260 
 - 
 4,205 
 
 Non-Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

 Average rate 
 $ 31,422 
 $ 16,141 
 $ 29,453 
 $ 15,958 
 $ 27,487 
 $ 13,528 
 
 Revenue days 
 544 
 186 
 535 
 164 
 656 
 73 
 
 ATBs: 

 Average rate 
 $ 26,473 
 $ 35,269 
 $ - 
 $ 38,605 
 $ - 
 $ 35,372 
 
 Revenue days 
 83 
 2,802 
 - 
 2,700 
 - 
 2,750 
 
 Lightering: 

 Average rate 
 $ 72,271 
 $ - 
 $ 79,209 
 $ - 
 $ 70,316 
 $ - 
 
 Revenue days 
 732 
 - 
 652 
 - 
 733 
 - 

 During 2016, TCE revenues decreased by $2,898, or 1%, to $446,160
from $449,058 in 2015. A weakening Jones Act crude oil transportation market during the current year resulted in a decline in
average daily rates earned by the Company's Jones Act ATBs and Jones Act Product Carriers, as well as increased spot market
exposure, which accounted for a $16,204 decrease in revenue. The spot rates in the above table for Jones Act Product Carriers
reflect idle days awaiting cargoes for one of the vessels that redelivered from a long-term charter in mid-June 2016. Offsetting
this decrease to a large degree was (i) a 266-day increase in Jones Act ATB, Jones Act Product Carrier and Non-Jones Act Product
Carrier revenue days, which accounted for a $11,175 increase in revenue, (ii) a $1,219 increase in Delaware Bay lightering revenue,
and (iii) increased average daily rates for the Company's Non-Jones Act Product Carriers which accounted for a $911 increase
in revenue. The increase in revenue days was principally attributable to a reduction in drydock and repair days in the current
year. The increase in revenue earned by the Delaware Bay lightering vessels was primarily due to an increase in Delaware Bay lightering
volumes and an 81-day decrease in drydock and repair days in the current year, partially offset by certain coastwise voyage opportunities
that were available in the first half of 2015, but not in 2016. 

 Vessel expenses increased by $2,517 to $140,696 in 2016 from
$138,179 in 2015, primarily due to an increase in average daily vessel expenses of $249 per day, which resulted principally from
higher crew costs. Depreciation expense increased by $12,826 to $89,257 in 2016 from $76,431 in 2015 primarily as a result of
the shortening of the useful lives of six of the Company's Jones Act ATBs effective October 1, 2015 and a further shortening
of the useful lives of seven of the Jones Act ATBs effective October 1, 2016, as discussed further in Note 3, "Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies" to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

 During 2015, TCE revenues increased by $34,685, or 8%, to $449,058
from $414,373 in 2014. Growth in the average daily rates earned by the Company's Jones Act Product Carriers and Jones Act
ATBs accounted for $33,689 of such increase. This increase reflected the strength of the Jones Act market in 2015, which allowed
the Jones Act Product Carriers and ATBs to generally achieve higher rates on new or extended time charters upon the expiry of
existing time charters through the first half of 2015. Contributing to an increase in TCE revenues in the second half of 2015
was the June 2015 commencement of a ten-year time charter out entered into by one of the Company's Jones Act Product Carriers
that had been converted into a shuttle tanker. 

 Vessel expenses increased by $3,100 to $138,179 in 2015 from
$135,079 in 2014, primarily due to an increase in average daily vessel expenses of $654 per day, which resulted principally from
higher crew costs. Depreciation expense increased by $9,847 to $76,431 in 2015 from $66,584 in 2014. Such increase reflects (i)
the depreciation of costs incurred in 2014 to convert the conventional Jones Act Product Carrier referred to above into a shuttle
tanker, (ii) the impact on amortization of drydock costs incurred during 2015, which were approximately $16,000 higher than drydock
costs incurred during 2014 as more vessels were drydocked in 2015 and (iii) the reduction in useful lives of the Company's
rebuilt Jones Act ATBs. 

 Two reflagged U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the
U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S.
Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. Each of the vessel-owning companies receives an annual subsidy,
subject in each case to annual congressional appropriations, which is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels
from operating under the U.S. Flag. In December 2015, the annual subsidy was increased and the Company expects to receive $5.0
million from 2017 through 2020, and $5.2 million beginning in 2021. As of December 31, 2016 funds had not been appropriated for
the fiscal year 2017 vessel subsidy of $5.0 million. The Company does not receive the subsidy with respect to any days for which
one or both of the vessels operate under a time charter to a U.S. government agency, which was the case for one vessel during
the third quarter of 2016. 

 40 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 General and Administrative Expenses 

 During 2016, general and administrative expenses decreased
by $19,932 to $41,608 from $61,540 in 2015. This decrease reflects: (i) lower compensation and benefit costs of $5,501 primarily
due to a decrease in incentive compensation; and (ii) a net decrease in legal, accounting and consulting fees aggregating
 $16,198, as the prior period reflected higher costs incurred in
the period subsequent to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy. 

 During 2015, general and administrative expenses increased
by $9,117 to $61,540 from $52,423 in 2014. The increase primarily reflects the following: (i) higher legal, consulting and accounting
fees aggregating $8,873 resulting from higher costs incurred in the period subsequent to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy;
(ii) higher compensation and benefit expenses aggregating $2,485 mostly related to employee bonus programs, including certain
retention programs put in place as a result of the Company's bankruptcy filing and an increase in share-based compensation;
and (iii) a reduction in costs allocated and directly attributable to INSW aggregating $1,003. These increases were partially
offset by lower insurance premiums of $2,964 as the 2014 period included an increase in liability insurance, principally related
to the acceleration of Directors and Officers liability insurance costs in the third quarter of 2014, since the then existing
coverage ended upon the Company's emergence from bankruptcy, and a one-time premium paid in the third quarter of 2014 for
runoff coverage for the former directors and officers of the Company and the removal of certain exclusions in such policy. 

 INTEREST EXPENSE 

 The components of interest expense are as follows: 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Interest before impact of interest rate caps 
 $ 42,812 
 $ 70,364 
 $ 176,234 
 
 Impact of interest rate caps 
 339 
 1 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 $ 43,151 
 $ 70,365 
 $ 176,234 

 Interest expense, including administrative and other fees was
$43,151 for 2016 compared with $70,365 in 2015. The decrease in interest expense associated with the Company's Exit Financing
Facilities and Unsecured Senior Notes from the prior year reflects the impact of the Company's repurchases and prepayments
of $137,295 in aggregate principal amount of its OBS Term Loan in 2016 and the repurchase of $363,690 in aggregate principal amount
of its outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes between the third quarter of 2015 and September 2016. Refer to Note 9, "Debt,"
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

 Interest expense, including administrative and other fees,
was $70,365 in 2015 and comprised primarily of $32,669 associated with the Company's reinstated Unsecured Senior Notes and
$37,666 relating to the Exit Financing Facility. 

 Interest expense in 2014 reflects interest expense of $176,234,
including contractual post-petition interest from the Petition Date through the effective date of the Equity Plan of $106,400
associated with the Company's Unsecured Senior Notes and $15,282 associated with the Company's Exit Financing Facilities.
The balance of interest expense recognized during 2014 represented contractual post-petition interest from the Petition Date through
the effective date of the Equity Plan on allowed claims associated with our pre-reorganized OSG loan agreements (excluding reinstated
Unsecured Senior Notes) and certain rejected executory contracts. Accordingly, interest expense for the year ended December 31,
2014 is not comparable to either 2016 or 2015. 

 INCOME TAX BENEFIT FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

 The effective tax rates for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were 98.4%, 493.7% and 44.8%, respectively. The Company's effective tax rates are affected
by recurring items, such as permanent differences (and their relative amount versus income) and discrete items that may occur
in one year but are not consistent from year to year. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2016, our effective
tax rate decreased compared with the year ended December 31, 2015, primarily as a result of the absence of the tax benefit attributable
to the Pre-Filing Agreement with the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") in 2015, offset in part by the reversal of the
deferred tax liability associated with the Company's investment in INSW. 

 In January 2015, the Company requested that
the IRS review under its Pre-Filing Agreement Program the deductibility of certain payments made by OSG in 2014, in the aggregate
amount of $477,835, in its capacity as guarantor of the obligations of subsidiaries of INSW under certain loan agreements. In
connection with these payments, the Company had established an unrecognized tax benefit equal to the full amount of such benefits,
or $179,151 as of December 31, 2014. On September 4, 2015, the Company received an executed closing agreement from the IRS, which
allowed a deduction of $424,523. As a result of the closing agreement, the Company reduced its reserve for uncertain tax positions
by $179,151, recognized an income tax benefit of $150,073 and reduced its deferred tax asset for net operating loss carryforwards
by $29,078 during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 41 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 As a result of the aforementioned closing agreement,
OSG's investment in INSW for financial reporting purposes exceeded its tax basis, and as of December 31, 2015, management
did not believe it could make an assertion that OSG's investment in INSW was essentially permanent in duration. Accordingly,
the Company recognized a deferred tax liability and tax provision of $48,856 for the year ended December 31, 2015 on the accumulated
and current year undistributed earnings of its foreign operations, aggregating approximately $138,881, arising principally from
companies domiciled in the Marshall Islands. 

 As of December 31, 2016, as a result of the
spin-off of INSW, the Company reversed its deferred tax liability in the amount of $48,856 recognized on the basis difference
in its investment in INSW as the Spin-off resulted in a non-deductible taxable loss on the Company's investment in INSW. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had U.S.
federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $308,289, which are available to reduce future taxes, if any. The federal
net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034. The amount of net operating loss carryforwards reflected in this paragraph
are presented on a tax return basis and differ from the amounts reflected in the balance sheet, which are reflected net of unrecognized
tax benefits. 

 In connection with the emergence from bankruptcy,
under applicable U.S. tax regulations, the Company underwent an ownership change. As a result, there is an annual limitation on
the use of pre-ownership change net operating losses, tax credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned
after the ownership change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the
value of the Company's stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect
any unused annual limitation for prior years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. The Company does not
believe that the limitations imposed will impact its ability to utilize pre-ownership change net operating losses before the carryforward
period expires. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, our effective
tax rate increased by approximately 449% compared with the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily as a result of the Pre-Filing
Agreement with the IRS offset in part by the deferred tax liability recognized on the Company's investment in INSW. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2014, the
Company repaid the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, for which INSW was liable on a joint and several basis. As a result, because
INSW was no longer liable on a joint and several basis for the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company released its deferred
tax liability for undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries attributable to the excess Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility
over the cumulative potential deemed dividends arising from the drawdowns by OSG under such facility, and recorded an income tax
benefit of $55,602. As of December 31, 2014, the Company's tax basis in its investment in INSW exceeded the book basis of
such investment and the Company therefore did not record any deferred tax asset for the unremitted earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. 

 The Company is currently undergoing an examination
by the Internal Revenue Service of its 2012 through 2015 tax returns. 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 

 EBITDA represents net (loss)/income from continuing operations
before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for
the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
are presented to provide investors with meaningful additional information that management uses to monitor ongoing operating results
and evaluate trends over comparative periods. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered a substitute
for, net income or cash flows from operations determined in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations
as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results reported under
GAAP. Some of the limitations are: 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our
 cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes
 in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and 

 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the
 significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt. 

 While EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used by companies
as a measure of operating results and performance, neither of those items as prepared by the Company is necessarily comparable
to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. 

 42 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The following table reconciles net income/(loss) from continuing
operations, as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data," to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Net (loss)/income from continuing operations 
 $ (1,059 ) 
 $ 80,565 
 $ (143,206 ) 
 
 Income tax benefit from continuing operations 
 (65,098 ) 
 (101,032 ) 
 (115,552 ) 
 
 Interest expense 
 43,151 
 70,365 
 176,234 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 89,563 
 76,851 
 67,547 
 
 EBITDA 
 66,557 
 126,749 
 (14,977 ) 
 
 Severance costs 
 12,996 
 - 
 2,161 
 
 Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments 
 104,532 
 207 
 (578 ) 
 
 Loss on repurchase of debt 
 2,988 
 26,516 
 - 
 
 Other costs associated with repurchase of debt 
 77 
 3,099 
 - 
 
 Write-off of registration statement costs 
 - 
 3,493 
 - 
 
 Reorganization items, net 
 (10,925 ) 
 8,052 
 153,125 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 $ 176,225 
 $ 168,116 
 $ 139,731 

 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

 On November 30, 2016, we completed the spinoff of INSW, which
previously made up our International Crude Tankers and International Product Carriers reportable segments. The results of INSW
have been classified as discontinued operations. See Note 5, "Discontinued Operations," to the Company's consolidated
financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. 

 Results from Vessel Operations 

 The following is a discussion of the results from vessel operations
of the INSW discontinued operations for the eleven months ended November 30, 2016, and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

 During the eleven months ended November 30, 2016, results from
vessel operations of discontinued operations decreased by $499,804 to a loss of $298,911 from income of $200,893 in the year ended
December 31, 2015. This decrease reflects the impact of net held-for-sale basis and held-for-use basis impairments of $332,562
and $49,640, respectively, declining TCE revenues, and the incurrence of spin-off related costs in 2016. Such impacts were partially
offset by a decrease in vessel expenses, depreciation and amortization, and charter hire in the 2016 period. 

 TCE revenues decreased in 2016 by $121,889, or 26%, to $353,901
from $475,790 in 2015. The decrease was principally as a result of a weakening in rates throughout the International Flag sectors,
most significantly in the MR, VLCC, Aframax and LR2 fleets. Further contributing to the decrease was a 1,226-day decrease in revenue
days, primarily as a result of (i) the 2016 period only including 11 months and (ii) a decrease in MR revenue days, as a result
of the sale of a 1998-built MR in July 2015 and the redelivery of an MR to its owners at the expiry of its time charter in March
2015. The negative factors were partially offset by 477 fewer drydock and repair days in the 2016 period and an increase in revenue
from the Company's ULCC being taken out of lay-up in the first quarter of 2015. 

 The decreases in vessel expenses, depreciation and amortization
and charter hire during the 2016 period are principally as a result of factors impacting revenue days described above. 

 During 2015, income from vessel operations improved by $172,436
to $200,893 from $28,457 in 2014. This increase reflects the impact of a significant strengthening of TCE revenues, declining
charter hire expense, and decreases in depreciation and amortization, severance and technical management transition costs and
general and administrative expense. Such impacts were partially offset by a period-over-period increase in vessel expenses and
a reduction in gains on vessel sales in the current year. 

 TCE revenues increased in 2015 by $128,803, or 37%, to $475,790
from $346,987 in 2014. The increase was primarily due to a strengthening of rates in all of the International Flag sectors, most
significantly in the VLCC and MR fleets. These positive factors were partially offset by a 3,700-day decrease in revenue days
during 2015, which was driven by (i) fewer chartered-in days in the current year, (ii) the Company's reduced participation
in the full service International Flag Lightering business upon the expiry of its lightering contracts in September 2014, and
(iii) the sale of two VLCCs and one Panamax in December 2014, and one MR in July 2015. 

 43 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The decrease in charter hire expense in 2015 compared with
2014 was principally the result of the redeliveries of ten vessels (eight Aframaxes, one Suezmax and one MR) at the expiry of
their short-term time charters in 2014. Also contributing to the decrease was the redelivery of one additional MR upon its time
charter's expiration in March 2015. 

 The increase in 2015 vessel expenses resulted primarily from
(i) reactivation and operating costs incurred in conjunction with the Company's ULCC being taken out of lay-up in the first
quarter of 2015 and commencing a time charter in April 2015, (ii) incremental costs relating to the redelivery of one of the Company's
Panamaxes that had previously been bareboat chartered-out, (iii) the recording of a $1,450 reserve in 2015 for an assessment by
a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan covering British crew members that served onboard INSW vessels (as well as vessels
of other owners) more than 20 years ago, (iv) the Company taking delivery of a newbuild LR2 in the second quarter of 2014, and
(v) technical management fees paid to V.Ships. The Company began transferring management of its International Flag conventional
tankers to V.Ships in March 2014 and completed the transfers by September of 2014. Vessel operating expenses in 2015 included
approximately $7,200 in technical management fees, compared with approximately $4,100 in 2014. These increases in vessel expense
were more than offset by a decrease in the cost of providing technical and commercial management by the Company's shore-based
staff that were previously included in general and administrative expenses. 

 The decrease in depreciation and amortization in 2015 compared
with 2014 was primarily due to the vessel sales noted above. This decrease was partially offset by the impact of the LR2 newbuild
delivery referred to above. 

 Impact of Spin off 

 As discussed in Note 5, "Discontinued Operations,"
to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"
the accounting for the distribution of nonmonetary assets to owners of an entity in a spinoff should be based on the recorded
amount (after reduction, if appropriate, for an indicated impairment of value). The nonmonetary distribution of the assets of
INSW constituted the disposal of a business. Accordingly, OSG's distribution of the shares of INSW to its shareholders on November
30, 2016 was recorded based on the carrying value of the INSW disposal group, after reduction for $332,562 in net impairment charges
recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the INSW disposal group over its fair value, calculated on a held for sale
basis. Such impairment charges are included in the results from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Refer to Critical Accounting Policies - Vessel and Investment in Joint Venture Impairments Held for Sale Basis (Disposal
Group) below for additional information on management's judgments and estimates in determining the impairment charge
for the INSW disposal group. 

 LIQUIDITY AND SOURCES OF CAPITAL 

 Our business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully
implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of capital on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to
successfully operate our business to meet near-term and long-term debt repayment obligations is dependent on maintaining sufficient
liquidity. 

 Liquidity 

 Working capital from continuing operations at December 31, 2016 was approximately $181,000 compared with
$110,000 at December 31, 2015. Current assets are highly liquid, consisting principally of cash, interest-bearing deposits and
receivables. The Company's total cash (including restricted cash) increased by approximately $2,372 during 2016. Such increase
resulted from positive cash from continuing operations, $202,000 of dividends received from INSW, and proceeds
from the Proskauer litigation settlement, which is net of (i) all related out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Company during
the three months ended March 31, 2016 and (ii) related amounts paid to the class action plaintiffs. These inflows were offset in
part by the use of cash for repurchases and principal prepayments on outstanding debt and repurchases of outstanding Class A common
stock and Class A warrants during 2016, as discussed further below. 

 As of December 31, 2016, we had total liquidity on a consolidated
basis of $281,933, comprised of $206,933 of cash (including $15,844 of restricted cash) and $75,000 of undrawn revolver capacity.
We manage our cash in accordance with our intercompany cash management system subject to the requirements of our Exit Financing
Facilities. Our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our restricted cash balances, generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation insured limits. We place our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in what we believe to be credit-worthy financial
institutions. In addition, certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued
or guaranteed by the U.S. government, or its agencies. 

 44 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Management has designated cash reserves of $5,576 as of December
31, 2016 (compared with $10,583 at December 31, 2015) to be utilized within the next twelve months for the settlement of certain
unsecured claims related to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy, $5 million of which was paid on February 27, 2017.
The remainder of such restricted cash reserves will be used to settle claims or released in 2017. Additionally, restricted cash
as of December 31, 2016 includes approximately $10,268 of legally restricted cash relating to the Unsecured Senior Notes, $1,696
of which is classified within current assets. The remaining $8,572 is included in non-current assets. The OBS Term Loan required
that upon the spin-off of INSW the Company set aside in an escrow account (1) all accrued and unpaid interest on the existing
Unsecured Senior Notes through the date of the consummation of the INSW spin-off and (2) all interest expense that will accrue
under the respective existing Unsecured Senior Notes from the date of the consummation of the INSW spin-off through the maturity
of the respective existing Unsecured Senior Notes. 

 As of December 31, 2016, we had total debt outstanding (net
of original issue discount and deferred finance costs) of $525,082 and a total debt to total capitalization of 67.4%. Our debt
profile reflects recent actions (discussed further below) to deleverage our balance sheet as well as no scheduled amortization
requirements before 2018. 

 Sources, Uses and Management of Capital 

 We generate significant cash flows from our complementary mix
of time charters, voyage charters and contracts of affreightment. Net cash provided by operating activities in the year ended
December 31, 2016 was $328,860. In addition to operating cash flows, our other current sources of funds are proceeds from issuances
of equity securities, additional borrowings as permitted under the Exit Financing Facilities and proceeds from the opportunistic
sales of our vessels. In the past we have also obtained funds from the issuance of long-term debt securities. We may in the future
complete transactions consistent with achieving the objectives of our business plan. 

 Our current uses of funds are to fund working capital requirements,
maintain the quality of our vessels, comply with U.S. and international shipping standards and environmental laws and regulations,
repay or repurchase our outstanding loan facilities and to repurchase our common stock from time to time. The OBS Term Loan Facility
requires that a portion of Excess Cash Flow (as defined in the term loan agreement) be used to prepay the outstanding principal
balance of the term loan, commencing with the annual period beginning January 1, 2015. Management determined that no incremental
prepayments will be required for the OBS Term Loan Facility for 2017 as the voluntary prepayment made during the fourth quarter
of 2016 exceeded any prepayments which would have been required under the OBS Term Loan Facility for 2017. To the extent permitted
under the terms of the OBS Term Loan, we may also use cash generated by operations to finance capital expenditures to modernize
and grow our fleet. 

 Historically, we have also used funds to pay dividends and
to repurchase our common stock from time to time. Pursuant to the October 2015 Board resolution authorizing the Company to repurchase
up to $200,000 worth of the Company's Class A and Class B common stock and warrants, we repurchased 106,350 shares of Class
A common stock at an aggregate cost of $1,301. In addition, during 2016, we repurchased 55,306,351 Class A warrants at an aggregate
cost of $118,041. 

 On February 29, 2016, the Board declared a cash dividend of
$0.08 per share on its Class A and Class B common stock. This dividend, totaling $30,573, was paid on March 25, 2016. The declaration
and timing of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon, among other things,
our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and such other
factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 During 2016, we repurchased and retired $294 of our outstanding
2024 Notes and $37,345 of our 2018 Notes. Also, during 2016, OBS opportunistically repurchased and retired $27,000 of the outstanding
principal under the OBS Term Loan at a discounted price of $23,584. During the year ended December 31, 2016, OBS also made optional
and mandatory principal prepayments of $59,000 and $51,295, respectively. 

 The Parent Company's ability to receive cash dividends,
loans or advances from OBS is restricted under its loan facility. The Available Amount for cash dividends, loans or advances to
the Parent Company permitted under the OBS Term Loan was $0 as of December 31, 2016, after OBS's dividend distributions
to the Parent Company of $51,295 during 2016. Management expects that the Available Amount will increase to $93,592 by the end
of the first quarter of 2017, after the required reports are filed with the banks. 

 Outlook 

 We believe the actions we have taken have strengthened our
balance sheet and at the same time positioned us to generate sufficient cash to support our operations over the next twelve months.
The Company currently plans to pay off or refinance the outstanding principal balance on its 8.125% Notes, which mature on March
30, 2018, by December 29, 2017. 

 On June 2, 2016, the Board authorized the Company to take action
to transfer the listing of its Class A common stock to the New York Stock Exchange from the NYSE MKT. In conjunction with the
Transfer, the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized
shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. On June 7, 2016, the Company filed the Reverse Split Amendment with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. As previously reported,
the Company's stockholders approved the filing of the Reverse Split Amendment at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders
held on June 9, 2015. The Transfer was approved by the New York Stock Exchange on June 23, 2016. 

 45 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Effective as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on November 30, 2016
(the "Distribution Date"), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies
through the spin-off of INSW. The spin-off separates OSG and INSW into two distinct business with separate management. OSG has
retained the U.S. Flag business and INSW holds entities and other assets and liabilities that formed OSG's former International
Flag business. 

 The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata distribution
of INSW common stock to OSG's stockholders and warrant holders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2016
(the "Record Date.") On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW common
stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of INSW
common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior
to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). 

 The spin-off was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution
Agreement and several other agreements with OSG related to the spin-off, including a Transition Services Agreement and an Employee
Matters Agreement. These agreements govern the relationship between us and OSG following the spin-off and provide for the allocation
of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations. These agreements also include arrangements for transition services to
be provided by OSG to INSW and by INSW to OSG. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 In accordance with the Separation and Distribution Agreement,
subsequent to the November 30, 2016 spin-off of INSW, OSG will continue to guarantee debt and other obligations of certain of
INSW's equity method investees. The debt and other obligations are primarily due to banks in connection with financing the
purchase and conversion of vessels and equipment used in the joint venture operations. As of December 31, 2016, the maximum potential
amount of future principal payments (undiscounted) that OSG could be required to make relating to such equity method investees
secured bank debt and interest rate swaps was $38,789 and the carrying amount of the liability related to this guarantee was $0.
In connection with the continuing OSG guarantees, INSW will pay a $125 fee per year to OSG, which is subject to escalation after
2017. INSW has indemnified OSG for liabilities arising from the continuing OSG guarantees pursuant to the terms of the Separation
and Distribution Agreement. 

 Carrying Value of Vessels 

 Twelve of the Company's owned vessels are pledged as
collateral under the Exit Financing Facilities. The carrying value of each of the Company's vessels does not necessarily
represent its fair market value or the amount that could be obtained if the vessel were sold. 

 The Company believes that the availability, quality and reliability
of fair market valuations of U.S Flag vessels are limited given the fact that the U.S. Flag market is relatively small and illiquid
with very limited second hand sales and purchases activity from which to benchmark vessel values. As discussed in Note 6, "Vessels,
Deferred Drydock and Other Property," to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data," the Company monitors for any indicators of impairment in regards to the carrying value
of its vessels. 

 46 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Aggregate Contractual Obligations 

 A summary of the Company's long-term contractual obligations
as of December 31, 2016 follows: 

 Beyond 

 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2021 
 Total 
 
 Long-term debt (1) 

 Unsecured senior notes - fixed rate 
 $ 6,683 
 $ 84,987 
 $ 52 
 $ 52 
 $ 342 
 $ 462 
 $ 92,578 
 
 OBS term loan - floating rate 
 24,168 
 24,168 
 473,415 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 521,751 
 
 Operating lease obligations
 (2) 

 Bareboat Charter-ins 
 91,576 
 91,457 
 111,819 
 9,168 
 9,143 
 31,864 
 345,027 
 
 Office space 
 526 
 539 
 568 
 538 
 538 
 931 
 3,640 

 Total 
 $ 122,953 
 $ 201,151 
 $ 585,854 
 $ 9,758 
 $ 10,023 
 $ 33,257 
 $ 962,996 

 (1)&#9; Amounts
shown include contractual interest obligations. Interest obligations on fixed rate debt of $82,310 as of December 31, 2016 range
from 7.5% to 8.125%. The interest rate obligations of floating rate debt have been estimated based on the aggregate of the LIBOR
floor rate of 1% and the applicable margin for the OBS Term Loan of 4.25%. Management believes that no prepayment in 2017 is required
for the OBS Term Loan as a result of Excess Cash Flow for the twelve- month period ended December 31, 2016. Amounts shown for
the OBS Term Loan for years subsequent to 2017 exclude any estimated repayment as a result of Excess Cash Flow.&#9; 

 (2)&#9; As
of December 31, 2016, the Company had charter-in commitments for 10 vessels on leases that are accounted for as operating leases.
These leases provide the Company with various renewal options.&#9; 

 In addition to the above long-term contractual obligations
the Company has certain obligations for its domestic shore-based employees as of December 31, 2016, related to pension and other
post-retirement benefit plans as follows: 

 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 
 Defined
 benefit pension plan contributions (1) 
 $ 1,082 
 $ 1,362 
 $ 1,499 
 $ 1,395 
 $ 1,454 
 
 Postretirement
 health care plan obligations (2) 
 203 
 205 
 182 
 183 
 186 

 (1) Represents estimated contributions under the Maritrans Inc.
 defined benefit retirement plan. 

 (2) Amounts are estimated based on the 2016 cost taking the assumed
 health care cost trend rate for 2017 to 2021 into consideration. See Note 17, "Pension
 and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans," to the Company's consolidated financial
 statements set forth in Item 8," Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."
 Because of the subjective nature of the assumptions made, actual premiums paid in future
 years may differ significantly from the estimated amounts. 

 RISK MANAGEMENT 

 Interest rate risk 

 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest
rates, which could impact its results of operations and financial condition. The Company manages this exposure to market risk
through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments.
To manage its interest rate risk in a cost-effective manner, the Company, from time-to-time, enters into interest rate swap or
cap agreements, in which it agrees to exchange various combinations of fixed and variable interest rates based on agreed upon
notional amounts or to receive payments if floating interest rates rise above a specified cap rate. The Company uses such derivative
financial instruments as risk management tools and not for speculative or trading purposes. In addition, derivative financial
instruments are entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage exposure to nonperformance
on such instruments by the counterparties. 

 At December 31, 2016, OBS was party to an interest rate cap
agreement ("Interest Rate Cap") with a date of February 15, 2015 with major financial institutions covering the notional
amount of $375,000, to limit the floating interest rate exposure associated with its term loan. This agreement contains no
leverage features. The OBS Interest Rate Cap has a cap rate of 2.5% through February 5, 2017, at which time the cap rate increases
to 3.0% through the termination date of February 5, 2018. 

 47 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY 

 The following table presents information about the Company's
financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the table presents the principal
cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates of the Company's debt obligations. 

 Principal (Notional) Amount (dollars in millions) by Expected
Maturity and Average Interest (Swap) Rate 

 Fair Value at 

 Beyond 
 
 Dec. 31, 
 
 At December 31, 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2020 
 Total 
 2016 
 
 Liabilities 

 Long-term debt * 

 Fixed rate debt 
 $ - 
 $ 81.6 
 $ - 
 
 $ 
 - 
 
 $ 0.7 
 $ 82.3 
 $ 85.6 
 
 Average interest rate 
 - 
 8.125 % 
 - 

 - 
 
 7.5 % 

 Variable rate debt 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ 455.3 
 
 $ 
 - 
 
 $ - 
 $ 455.3 
 $ 442.2 
 
 Average interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 5.32 % 

 - 
 
 - 

 *Including current portion. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had a secured term loan
(OBS Term Loan) and a revolving credit facility (OBS ABL Facility) under which borrowings bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR,
plus the applicable margin, as stated in the respective loan agreements. There were no amounts outstanding under the OBS ABL Facility
as of December 31, 2016. 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require the Company to make estimates
in the application of its accounting policies based on the best assumptions, judgments, and opinions of management. Following
is a discussion of the accounting policies that involve a higher degree of judgment and the methods of their application. For
a description of all of the Company's material accounting policies, see Note 3, "Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies" to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data." 

 Revenue Recognition 

 The majority of revenue is generated from time charters and
is accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably over the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed.
The Company does not recognize time charter revenues during periods that vessels are off hire. 

 The Company generates a portion of its revenue from voyage
charters. Within the shipping industry, there are two methods used to account for voyage charter revenue: (1) ratably over the
estimated length of each voyage and (2) completed voyage. The recognition of voyage revenues ratably over the estimated length
of each voyage is the most prevalent method of accounting for voyage revenues in the shipping industry and the method used by
OSG. Under each method, voyages may be calculated on either a load-to-load or discharge-to-discharge basis. In applying its revenue
recognition method, management believes that the discharge-to-discharge basis of calculating voyages more accurately estimates
voyage results than the load-to-load basis. Since, at the time of discharge, management generally knows the next load port and
expected discharge port, the discharge-to-discharge calculation of voyage revenues can be estimated with a greater degree of accuracy.
OSG does not begin recognizing voyage revenue until a charter has been agreed to by both the Company and the customer, even if
the vessel has discharged its cargo and is sailing to the anticipated load port on its next voyage, because it is at this time
the charter rate is determinable for the specified load and discharge ports and collectability is reasonably assured. 

 Vessel Lives and Salvage Values 

 The carrying value of each of the Company's vessels represents
its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation calculated using an estimated useful life of 25
years (except for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30 years are used) from the date such vessel was originally delivered
from the shipyard or 20 years from the date the Company's ATBs were rebuilt. A vessel's carrying value is reduced
to its new cost basis (i.e. its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

 48 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 If the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company's
vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, an extended period of weak markets, the broad imposition of age restrictions
by the Company's customers, or other future events, it could result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses
in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels. In evaluating various impairment indicators
that existed at September 30, 2015 (as discussed below under Vessel Impairment ) management believed at that time that it
was more likely than not that the Company would scrap six of its rebuilt ATBs at the time of their next scheduled drydock special
survey date rather than make the significant capital expenditures necessary to comply with regulatory requirements. Accordingly,
the remaining useful lives for such ATBs were adjusted on a prospective basis beginning on October 1, 2015. This reduction in
useful lives increased depreciation expense on these vessels by approximately $3,600 per quarter. During the third quarter of
2016, management evaluated various impairment indicators that existed at the end of such period and as a result, determined that
it was more likely than not that the Company would scrap seven of its rebuilt ATBs prior to their then estimated disposal date
as described above. Accordingly, the remaining useful lives for such ATBs were further adjusted. This reduction in useful lives
negatively impacted depreciation expense attributable to the ATB vessel impairments discussed in Note 6, "Vessels, Deferred
Drydock and Other Property," by approximately $2,200 per quarter beginning on October 1, 2016. 

 The United States has not adopted the Hong Kong International
Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (the "Convention"). While the Convention is not
in effect in the United States, the EPA and the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation ("MarAd")
have, from time to time, required the owners of U.S. Flag vessels to make certifications regarding the presence of certain toxic
substances onboard vessels that they are seeking to sell to parties who (a) are not citizens of the United States and (b) intend
to recycle the vessels after they have been purchased (the Recycling Purchasers ). In the event that more stringent
requirements are imposed upon the owners of U.S. Flag vessels seeking to sell their vessels to the Recycling Purchasers, such
requirements could (a) negatively impact the sales prices obtainable from the Recycling Purchasers or (b) require companies, including
OSG, to incur additional costs in order to sell their U.S. Flag vessels to the Recycling Purchasers or to other foreign buyers
intending to use such vessels for further trading. Management currently believes that $300 per lightweight ton is a reasonable
estimate of recycling prices for OSG's U.S. Flag vessels. 

 Vessel Impairment 

 The carrying values of the Company's vessels may not
represent their fair market value or the amount that could be obtained by selling the vessel at any point in time since the market
prices of second-hand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter rates and the cost of newbuildings. Historically, both
charter rates and vessel values tend to be cyclical. Management evaluates the carrying amounts of vessels held and used by the
Company for impairment only when it determines that it will sell a vessel or when events or changes in circumstances occur that
cause management to believe that future cash flows for any individual vessel will be less than its carrying value. In such instances,
an impairment charge would be recognized if the estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use
of the vessel and its eventual disposition is less than the vessel's carrying amount. This assessment is made at the individual
vessel level as separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. 

 In developing estimates of future cash flows, the Company must
make assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses,
utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions
are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. Specifically, in estimating future charter rates, management takes
into consideration rates currently in effect for existing time charters and estimated daily time charter equivalent rates for
each vessel class for the unfixed days over the estimated remaining lives of each of the vessels. The estimated daily time charter
equivalent rates used for unfixed days beyond the expiry of any current time charters are based on internally forecasted rates
that take into consideration average annual rates published by a third party maritime research service and are consistent with
forecasts provided to the Company's senior management and Board of Directors. The internally forecasted rates are based
on management's evaluation of current economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries. Recognizing that
the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products is cyclical and subject to significant volatility based on factors beyond
the Company's control, management believes the use of estimates based on the internally forecasted rates to be reasonable. 

 Estimated outflows for operating expenses and drydocking requirements
are based on historical and budgeted costs and are adjusted for assumed inflation. Finally, utilization is based on historical
levels achieved and estimates of a residual value are consistent with the pattern of scrap rates used in management's evaluation
of salvage value. 

 In estimating the fair value of vessels for the purposes of
step 2 of the impairment tests, the Company utilizes estimates of discounted future cash flows for each of the vessels (income
approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the type of U.S. Flag vessels owned by OSG is not considered to be
robust. 

 49 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The Company considered changes in circumstances that appeared
to be indicative of a continued weakening of the Jones Act crude oil transportation market during the quarter ended September
30, 2016. Such indicators included a decline in the number of Jones Act tank vessels transporting crude oil, which led to (i)
increased competition for clean cargoes and the idling of some Jones Act vessels; (ii) a sharp decrease in estimated spot rates
for Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs between July and September 2016; and (iii) a significant decline in forecasted near
term TCE rates reported by a leading third party industry analyst. These factors were viewed as an impairment trigger event for
the Company's eight rebuilt ATBs at September 30, 2016. In addition, given the uncertainty around how long the weak market
conditions discussed above could last taking into consideration the large number of newbuildings scheduled for delivery, management
believed that it was more likely than not that some of the rebuilt ATBs would be laid-up, scrapped or disposed of before the end
of their estimated useful lives, which currently range between 2019 and 2020.The indicators discussed above were not considered
to be impairment triggering events for the other ATBs and tankers in the Company's fleet as these vessels (i) were fairly
recently built and do not face the same commercial obsolescence issues faced by the rebuilt ATBs, and (ii) are currently operating
under long-term charters or contracts of affreightment. 

 In developing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for
performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, management made assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions
being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated
remaining useful lives of the vessels. The assumptions about the estimated remaining useful lives of the ATBs reflects management's
current belief that the Company would scrap these ATBs at the expiry of their current time charters. Based on tests performed,
the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for seven of the eight rebuilt ATBs were less than their September 30, 2016 carrying values.
Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $97,782 (including $3,873 recorded as a reduction in deferred drydock
costs) to write down the carrying values of the seven ATBs to their estimated fair values as of September 30, 2016. 

 In addition, during the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company
decided to delay the disposal of one of its rebuilt ATBs from the estimated disposal date utilized in the September 30, 2016 impairment
testing. This decision resulted in a change in the expected deployment of a second rebuilt ATB, which had been projected to assume
the first ATB's time charter on January 1, 2017, and a decline in its forecasted cash flows. Accordingly, the Company recorded
an impairment charge of $6,623 at December 31, 2016. 

 During the third quarter of 2015, in evaluating whether or
not certain events or circumstances existing at that time resulted in a triggering event for impairment testing of the U.S. Flag
fleet, management gave consideration to various indicators of a weakening of the Jones Act crude oil transportation market that
began to materialize during the period. Such indicators included a decline in U.S crude oil production beginning in May 2015 following
a decrease in oil prices beginning in late 2014, which quickly led to steep cuts in drilling activity. The resulting decrease
in demand for the coastwise transportation of crude oil led to a decline in average daily spot rates for Jones Act tankers during
the nine-month period ending September 30, 2015 and the redeployment of several Jones Act vessels, including some of the Company's
vessels, from the crude oil transportation trade to the clean oil transportation trade. In addition, the decline in U.S. crude
oil production coupled with the large orderbook for Jones Act vessels scheduled for delivery through late 2017 increased uncertainty
around the likelihood of being able to renew or extend the time charters on the Company's fleet of eight rebuilt Jones Act
ATBs, of which two expired during 2016 and four are scheduled to expire in the second quarter of 2017. Management believed that
if the weakness identified in the market continued for a prolonged period of time, it would become increasingly difficult for
the Company's older ATBs to find employment at attractive rates that justify the expenditure required to put these vessels
through their next drydock special surveys. 

 Management concluded that the above indicators constituted
impairment triggering events for six of the eight vessels in the Company's fleet of rebuilt ATBs at September 30, 2015.
In addition, given the uncertainty around how long the weak market conditions discussed above could last, management determined
that it was more likely than not that the rebuilt ATBs will be scrapped before the end of their estimated useful lives, which
ranged from 2021 to 2028 (see discussion above under "-- Vessel Lives and Salvage Values") . The indicators
discussed above were not considered to be impairment triggering events for the other U.S. Flag ATBs employed in lightering and
currently operating under long-term charters or contracts of affreightment agreements. 

 Management prepared undiscounted cash flows models, which utilized
weighted probabilities assigned to possible outcomes for the six rebuilt ATBs. A significant probability was assigned to the possibility
that the estimated remaining useful life of each ATB would end at its next drydock special survey date, as management believed
it was more likely than not that the Company would scrap these vessels rather than make the significant capital expenditure necessary
to comply with regulatory requirements. Based on tests performed, the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for each of the six rebuilt
ATBs was in excess of its September 30, 2015 carrying value and no impairment was therefore recorded at that date. As of December
31, 2015, management determined that there had been no significant changes in the facts and circumstances that existed at the
end of September 30, 2015 that would warrant a change to the assumptions utilized in the undiscounted cash flows analysis on the
six rebuilt ATBs prepared at that date. Accordingly, no further analysis was performed as of December 31, 2015. 

 Intangible Asset 

 The Company allocates the cost of acquired companies to the
identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, with the remaining amount being classified as goodwill.
The Company's sole intangible asset represent long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of
Maritrans, Inc. The events noted above under Vessel Impairment during the third quarter of 2016 also triggered an interim
impairment test on its customer relationship intangible asset. The business as a whole was determined to be the lowest level at
which cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities for purposes of testing the
customer relationship intangible asset for recoverability. Based on the results of the recoverability test performed, no intangible
assets impairment was recorded as of September 30, 2016 as the net undiscounted cash flows from the asset group were significantly
in excess of the carrying value of the asset group. The Company also determined that there were no triggering events between September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2016. 

 50 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Drydocking 

 Within the shipping industry, there are two methods that are
used to account for dry dockings: (1) capitalize drydocking costs as incurred (deferral method) and amortize such costs over the
period to the next scheduled drydocking, and (2) expense drydocking costs as incurred. Since drydocking cycles typically extend
over two and a half years or five years, management uses the deferral method because management believes it provides a better
matching of revenues and expenses than the expense-as-incurred method. 

 Income Taxes, Deferred Tax Assets and Valuation Allowance 

 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities,
and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We
are subject to income taxes primarily in the U.S. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated
income tax expense. 

 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between
the financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and from events that have been recognized in the financial
statements and will result in taxable or deductible amounts based on provisions of the tax law in different periods. In evaluating
our ability to recover our net deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise we consider all available positive
and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning
strategies and recent financial operations. A valuation allowance is established to the extent it is more likely than not that
some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred
tax assets and liabilities in the future. 

 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with
uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations across our global operations. ASC 740 provides that a tax
benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon
examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits of the
position. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We recognize tax liabilities and reductions in deferred tax assets in accordance
with ASC 740 and we adjust these liabilities and deferred tax assets when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of
new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may
result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected
as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 

 Pension Benefits 

 In connection with the acquisition of Maritrans in November
2006, the Company assumed the obligations under the noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that covered eligible employees
of Maritrans ("the Maritrans Plan"). The Company froze the benefits payable under the Maritrans Plan as of December
31, 2006. The Company has recorded pension benefit costs based on complex valuations developed by its actuarial consultants. These
valuations are based on estimates and key assumptions, including those related to the discount rates, the rates expected to be
earned on investments of plan assets and the life expectancy/mortality of plan participants. OSG is required to consider market
conditions in selecting a discount rate that is representative of the rates of return currently available on high-quality fixed
income investments. A higher discount rate would result in a lower benefit obligation and a lower rate would result in a higher
benefit obligation. The expected rate of return on plan assets is management's best estimate of expected returns on plan
assets. A decrease in the expected rate of return will increase net periodic benefit costs and an increase in the expected rate
of return will decrease benefit costs. The mortality assumption is management's best estimate of the expected duration of future
benefit payments at the measurement date. The estimate is based on the specific demographics and other relevant facts and circumstances
of the Maritrans Plan and considers all relevant information available at the measurement date. Longer life expectancies would
result in higher benefit obligations and a decrease in life expectancies would result in lower benefit obligations. 

 In determining the benefit obligations at the end of the year
measurement date, the Company continues to use the equivalent single weighted-average discount rate, rounded to the nearest 5
basis points, that best matches projected benefit payments. During 2016, the Company changed its actuarial service provider and,
therefore, for December 31, 2016, the Company based the discount rate on such actuary's proprietary index, which was calculated
based on a universe of approximately 500 Aa-graded non-callable bonds. This rate was 3.95% as of December 31, 2016. For at least
the two prior years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company used the Citigroup Above Median Pension Discount
Curve applied to the future payouts under the Maritrans Plan. The rates were 4.00% and 3.75% at December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014, respectively. Although the December 31, 2016 index was different from that used in prior years, management believes
that the current results are consistent with those that would have been produced had the Company continued to use the Citigroup
Above Median Pension Discount Curve as it did in 2015 and 2014. The Company also assumed a long-term rate of return on the Maritrans
Plan assets of 7.25% at December 31, 2016 and 2015, based on the asset mix as of such dates and management's estimate of
the long term rate of return that could be achieved over the remaining duration of the Maritrans Plan. Based on the current asset
mix, management believes the probability of achieving a long-term return of 7.25% over the remaining duration of the Maritrans
Plan is more likely than not. 

 51 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In late 2014, the Society of Actuaries ("RPEC")
published a new set of mortality tables (RP-2014) and a related, mortality improvement scale (MP-2014). The Company's policy
is to utilize the latest published mortality tables and improvement scales, without adjustment to determine the year-end benefit
obligation. The set of mortality tables used in determining the net benefit cost for 2016 as well as the December 31, 2015 end
of year measurement is the RP-2016 mortality tables, with separate rates for male non-annuitants and annuitants and for female
non-annuitants and annuitants. Gender-distinct generational mortality improvements under Scale MP-2015 were included. For the
2016 end of year measurement of the benefit obligations, the RP-2014 mortality tables with generational mortality improvements
under Scale MP-2016 were used. Management believes the use of the unadjusted tables is appropriate given the diversity of the
participants of the Maritrans Plan, which include both inter-waterway tug officers and office employees. 

 The duration of the benefit obligation at each of December
31, 2016 and 2015 was 11.26 years and 11.71 years, respectively. 

 Critical Accounting Policies of the Company's Discontinued
Operations 

 We believe the following discussion provides useful additional
information with respect to the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements with respect
to the assets and liabilities and results of operations of INSW, which are presented as discontinued operations for all periods
presented. 

 Revenue Recognition 

 INSW generates a majority of its revenue from voyage charters,
including vessels in pools that predominantly perform voyage charters, and recognizes revenue ratably over the estimated length
of each voyage using the discharge-to-discharge basis. 

 For the INSW vessels operating in Commercial Pools, revenues
and voyage expenses are pooled and allocated to each pool's participants on a time charter equivalent basis in accordance
with an agreed-upon formula. The formulas in the pool agreements for allocating gross shipping revenues net of voyage expenses
are based on points allocated to participants' vessels based on cargo carrying capacity and other technical characteristics,
such as speed and fuel consumption. The selection of charterers, negotiation of rates and collection of related receivables and
the payment of voyage expenses are the responsibility of the pools. The pools may enter into contracts that earn either voyage
charter revenue or time charter revenue. Each of the pools follows the same revenue recognition principles, as applied by the
Company, in determining shipping revenues and voyage expenses, including recognizing revenue only after a charter has been agreed
to by both the pool and the customer, even if the vessel has discharged its cargo and is sailing to the anticipated load port
on its next voyage. 

 For the pools in which INSW participates, Company management
monitored, among other things, the relative proportion of INSW's vessels operating in each of the pools to the total number
of vessels in each of the respective pools, and assesses whether or not INSW's participation interest in each of the pools
is sufficiently significant so as to determine that INSW has effective control of the pool. Company management determined that
as of June 30, 2013, it had effective control of one of the pools in which INSW participated. Such pool was not a legal entity
but operated under a contractual agreement. Therefore, effective July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014, when INSW's participation
in this pool ended, INSW's allocated TCE revenues for such pool were reported on a gross basis as voyage charter revenues
and voyage expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. The impact of this method of presenting earnings for this pool
was an increase in both voyage charter revenues and voyage expenses of $40,454 for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

 Vessel Lives and Salvage Values 

 The carrying value of each of INSW's vessels represented
its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation calculated using an estimated useful life of 25
years (except for FSO service vessels for which estimated useful lives of 30 years are used and LNG Carriers for which estimated
useful lives of 35 years are used) from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard. A vessel's carrying
value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e. its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

 Company management estimated the scrap value of INSW's
vessels to be $300 per lightweight ton. The assumptions used in the determination of estimated salvage value took into account
current scrap prices, the historic pattern of annual average scrap rates over the four year and eleven-month period ended November
30, 2016, which ranged from $280 to $480 per lightweight ton, estimated changes in future market demand for scrap steel and estimated
future demand for vessels. Scrap prices also fluctuate depending upon type of ship, bunkers on board, spares on board and delivery
range. 

 52 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Although management believes that the assumptions used to determine
the scrap rate for its International Flag vessels are reasonable and appropriate, such assumptions are highly subjective, in part,
because of the cyclicality of the nature of future demand for scrap steel. 

 Vessel and Investment in Joint Venture Impairments 
Held for Sale Basis (Disposal Group) 

 As discussed in Note 5, "Discontinued Operations,"
to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"
ASC 845 requires that the accounting for the distribution of nonmonetary assets to owners of an entity in a spinoff be based on
the historical recorded amount, after reduction, if appropriate, for an indicated impairment of value, calculated on a held for
sale basis. 

 The determination of fair value is highly judgmental. In estimating
the fair value of INSW's vessels as of November 30, 2016 the Company considered the market and income approaches by using
a combination of third party appraisals and discounted cash flow models prepared by the Company. In preparing the discounted cash
flow models, the Company used a methodology consistent with the methodology and assumptions detailed in the "Vessel Impairment
 Held for Use Basis" section below, and discounted the cash flows using its current estimate of INSW's weighted
average cost of capital, of 9%. 

 In estimating the fair value of INSW's investments in
and advances to affiliated companies as of November 30, 2016, the Company utilized an income approach since there is a lack of
comparable market transactions for the specially built assets held by the joint ventures, by preparing discounted cash flow models.
In preparing the discounted cash flows models the Company used a methodology largely consistent with the methodology and assumptions
detailed in the "Vessel Impairment Held for Use Basis" section below, with the exception being that as the
assets owned by the joint ventures serve under specific service contracts, the estimated charter rates for periods after the expiry
of the existing contracts are based upon management's internally forecasted rates. The cash flows were discounted using
the current estimated weighted average cost of capital for each joint venture, which ranged from 8.7% to 9.5% and took into consideration
country risk, entity size and uncertainty with respect to the cash flows for periods beyond the current charter expires. 

 Accordingly, management recorded a charge in the fourth quarter
of 2016, as part of income/(loss) from discontinued operations of $332,562 to reduce the carrying value of the disposal group
to its estimated fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. Management believes that it has identified and evaluated all
long-lived assets within the disposal group for impairment in accordance with the guidance in ASC 845. Management also took into
account the market capitalization of INSW following the spin on November 30, 2016 to assess and conclude on the reasonableness
of the impairment charge related to the INSW disposal group, and considered the following factors: (i) INSW was a new public entity
with little analyst coverage until January 2017; (ii) currently there is a lower level of liquidity for the INSW common stock
since six shareholders hold approximately 60% of INSW's shares; (iii) the stock price as of February 27, 2017 was more than
25% higher than the closing price on the date of the spin off transaction; (iv) the shipping industry is highly cyclical and in
periods of negative market sentiment, such as existed at the time of the spin off transaction and that currently persists, it
is common for companies to trade at discounts to NAV. 

 Vessel Impairment Held for Use Basis 

 In developing estimates of future cash flows for the INSW vessels,
the Company must make assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions being related to charter rates, ship
operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels.
These assumptions are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. Specifically, in estimating future charter rates,
management takes into consideration rates currently in effect for existing time charters and estimated daily time charter equivalent
rates for each vessel class for the unfixed days over the estimated remaining lives of each of the vessels. The estimated daily
time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days are based on a combination of (i) internally forecasted rates that are consistent
with forecasts provided to the Company's senior management and Board of Directors, and (ii) the trailing 12-year historical
average rates, based on quarterly average rates published by a third party maritime research service. The internally forecasted
rates are based on management's evaluation of current economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries.
Management used the published 12-year historical average rates in its assumptions because it is management's belief that
the 12-year period captures an even distribution of strong and weak charter rate periods, which results in the use of an average
mid-cycle rate that is more in line with management's forecast of a return to mid-cycle charter rate levels in the medium
term. Recognizing that the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products is cyclical and subject to significant volatility
based on factors beyond the Company's control, management believes the use of estimates based on the combination of internally
forecasted rates and 12-year historical average rates calculated as of the reporting date to be reasonable. 

 In estimating the fair value of vessels for the purposes of
step 2 of the impairment tests, the Company utilizes a market approach by using third party appraisals for the vessels in the
INSW fleet. 

 53 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The more significant factors that could impact management's
assumptions regarding time charter equivalent rates include (i) loss or reduction in business from significant customers, (ii)
unanticipated changes in demand for transportation of crude oil and petroleum products, (iii) changes in production of or demand
for oil and petroleum products, generally or in particular regions, (iv) greater than anticipated levels of tanker newbuilding
orders or lower than anticipated levels of tanker scrappings, and (v) changes in rules and regulations applicable to the tanker
industry, including legislation adopted by international organizations such as IMO and the EU or by individual countries. Although
management believes that the assumptions used to evaluate potential impairment are reasonable and appropriate at the time they
were made, such assumptions are highly subjective. 

 International Flag Fleet Impairment Evaluations 

 September 30, 2016 Impairment evaluation Management
concluded that declines in third party vessel valuations of up to 20% during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 for 28 vessels
in INSW's fleet with carrying values in excess of their estimated market values, constituted an impairment trigger event
for these vessels as of September 30, 2016. Based upon the impairment tests performed impairment charges totaling $49,640 were
recorded on two LR1s, an Aframax and a Panamax to write-down their carrying values to their estimated fair values at September
30, 2016. The remaining 24 vessels tested had estimated undiscounted future cash flows in excess of their carrying values. 

 December 31, 2015 Impairment evaluation - Management
gave consideration as to whether any events and changes in circumstances existed as of December 31, 2015 that could be viewed
as indicators that the carrying amounts of the vessels in the Company's International Flag fleet were not recoverable as
of December 31, 2015 and determined there were no such events or changes in circumstances. 

 December 31, 2014 Impairment evaluation - Management
gave consideration to the following events and changes in circumstances in determining whether there were any indicators that
the carrying amounts of the vessels in INSW's fleet were not recoverable as of December 31, 2014: 

 i. A significant year-over-year decline in third party valuation
 appraisals of four MRs securing the INSW term loan; 

 ii. the impact, if any, of management's intent to dispose
 of or continue to trade certain vessels during 2015; and 

 iii. the impact, if any, of outsourcing technical and commercial
 management of the INSW conventional tanker fleet. 

 Management determined that the latter two factors had no impact
on the carrying value INSW's fleet as of December 31, 2014. However, the decline in the third party valuation appraisals
on four modern MRs, which were built between 2009 and 2011, was deemed to be an impairment indicator requiring the need to test
the recoverability of the carrying value of these vessels. Based on tests performed, it was determined that the vessels would
generate undiscounted cash flows in excess of their December 31, 2014 carrying values over the remainder of their useful lives. 

 Newly Issued Accounting Standards 

 See Note 3, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"
to the Company's consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 See Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations --Risk Management" and "-- Interest Rate Sensitivity." 

 54 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM 8. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Years
 ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 
 56 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 57 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 58 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 59 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
 60 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 108 

 55 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AT DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 December 31, 
 December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 191,089 
 $ 193,978 
 
 Restricted cash 
 7,272 
 10,583 
 
 Voyage receivables, including unbilled of $12,593 and $2,166 
 23,456 
 6,662 
 
 Income tax recoverable 
 877 
 1,200 
 
 Receivable from INSW 
 683 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 
 2,696 
 3,195 
 
 Inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 12,243 
 11,615 
 
 Current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 
 396,698 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 238,316 
 623,931 
 
 Restricted cash 
 8,572 
 - 
 
 Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation 
 684,468 
 844,447 
 
 Deferred drydock expenditures, net 
 31,172 
 58,166 
 
 Total Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property 
 715,640 
 902,613 
 
 Investments in and advances to affiliated companies 
 3,694 
 3,827 
 
 Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 
 45,617 
 50,217 
 
 Other assets 
 18,658 
 16,608 
 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 
 1,633,214 
 
 Total Assets 
 $ 1,030,497 
 $ 3,230,410 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 $ 57,222 
 $ 60,450 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 306 
 50 
 
 Current installments of long-term debt 
 - 
 56,755 
 
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 
 37,030 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 57,528 
 154,285 
 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 3,129 
 2,520 
 
 Long-term debt 
 525,082 
 634,286 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 141,457 
 208,195 
 
 Other liabilities 
 48,969 
 52,889 
 
 Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 - 
 597,747 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 776,165 
 1,649,922 

 Commitments and contingencies 

 Equity: 

 Common stock - Class A ($0.01 par value; 166,666,666 shares authorized; 70,271,172 and
 60,775,943 shares issued and outstanding) 

 702 

 3,646 

 Common stock - Class B ($0.01 par value; 1,321,134 shares authorized; 1,232,247 shares issued
 and outstanding in 2015) 
 - 
 74 
 
 Paid-in additional capital 
 583,526 
 1,651,511 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (321,736 ) 
 (1,282 ) 

 262,492 
 1,653,949 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (8,160 ) 
 (73,461 ) 
 
 Total Equity 
 254,332 
 1,580,488 
 
 Total Liabilities and Equity 
 $ 1,030,497 
 $ 3,230,410 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 

 56 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE
AMOUNTS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Shipping Revenues: 

 Time charter revenues 
 $ 372,149 
 $ 385,206 
 $ 347,823 
 
 Voyage charter revenues 
 90,271 
 81,666 
 92,594 

 462,420 
 466,872 
 440,417 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

 Voyage expenses 
 16,260 
 17,814 
 26,044 
 
 Vessel expenses 
 140,696 
 138,179 
 135,079 
 
 Charter hire expenses 
 91,947 
 91,875 
 91,061 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 89,563 
 76,851 
 67,547 
 
 General and administrative 
 41,608 
 61,540 
 52,454 
 
 Severance costs 
 12,996 
 - 
 2,161 
 
 Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments 
 104,532 
 207 
 (578 ) 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 497,602 
 386,466 
 373,768 
 
 (Loss)/Income from Vessel Operations 
 (35,182 ) 
 80,406 
 66,649 
 
 Equity in Income of Affiliated Companies 
 3,642 
 3,783 
 3,483 
 
 Operating (Loss)/Income 
 (31,540 ) 
 84,189 
 70,132 
 
 Other (Expense)/Income 
 (2,391 ) 
 (26,239 ) 
 469 
 
 (Loss)/Income before Interest Expense, Reorganization Items and Income Taxes 
 (33,931 ) 
 57,950 
 70,601 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (43,151 ) 
 (70,365 ) 
 (176,234 ) 
 
 Loss before Reorganization Items and Income Taxes 
 (77,082 ) 
 (12,415 ) 
 (105,633 ) 
 
 Reorganization Items, net 
 10,925 
 (8,052 ) 
 (153,125 ) 
 
 Loss from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes 
 (66,157 ) 
 (20,467 ) 
 (258,758 ) 
 
 Income Tax Benefit from Continuing Operations 
 65,098 
 101,032 
 115,552 
 
 Net (Loss)/Income from Continuing Operations 
 (1,059 ) 
 80,565 
 (143,206 ) 
 
 Net (Loss)/Income from Discontinued Operations 
 (292,555 ) 
 203,395 
 (9,067 ) 
 
 Net (Loss)/Income 
 $ (293,614 ) 
 $ 283,960 
 $ (152,273 ) 

 Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

 Basic - Class A 
 90,949,577 
 95,584,559 
 39,013,720 
 
 Basic - Class B and Common Stock 
 533,758 
 1,320,337 
 18,675,839 
 
 Diluted - Class A 
 90,949,577 
 95,629,090 
 39,013,720 
 
 Diluted - Class B and Common Stock 
 533,758 
 1,320,337 
 18,675,839 
 
 Per Share Amounts: 

 Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from Continuing operations 
 $ (0.01 ) 
 $ 0.83 
 $ (2.48 ) 
 
 Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from
 Discontinued operations 
 $ (3.24 ) 
 $ 2.10 
 $ (0.16 ) 
 
 Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A 
 $ (3.25 ) 
 $ 2.93 
 $ (2.64 ) 

 Basic
 and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B from Continuing operations 
 $ (0.11 ) 
 $ 0.83 
 $ (2.48 ) 
 
 Basic
 and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B from Discontinued operations 
 $ 4.54 
 $ 2.10 
 $ (0.16 ) 
 
 Basic
 and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B 
 $ 4.43 
 $ 2.93 
 $ (2.64 ) 

 Cash dividends declared Class A 
 $ 0.48 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 
 Cash dividends declared Class B 
 $ 1.56 
 $ - 
 $ - 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 

 57 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME/(LOSS) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Net (Loss)/Income 
 $ (293,614 ) 
 $ 283,960 
 $ (152,273 ) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss), net of tax: 

 Net change in unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges 
 10,311 
 6,927 
 (2,284 ) 
 
 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: 

 Net change in unrecognized transition obligation 
 - 
 - 
 4 
 
 Net change in unrecognized prior service costs 
 (60 ) 
 (211 ) 
 (77 ) 
 
 Net change in unrecognized actuarial losses 
 (3,295 ) 
 3,203 
 (11,679 ) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 6,956 
 9,919 
 (14,036 ) 
 
 Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 $ (286,658 ) 
 $ 293,879 
 $ (166,309 ) 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 

 58 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

 Net (loss)/income 
 $ (293,614 ) 
 $ 283,960 
 $ (152,273 ) 
 
 Less: Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 
 (292,555 ) 
 203,395 
 (9,067 ) 
 
 Net (loss)/income from continuing operations 
 (1,059 ) 
 80,565 
 (143,206 ) 
 
 Items included in net (loss)/income from continuing operations not affecting cash flows: 

 Depreciation and amortization 
 89,563 
 76,851 
 67,547 
 
 Vessel impairment charges 
 104,405 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount and other deferred financing costs 
 6,005 
 5,154 
 1,964 
 
 Compensation relating to restricted stock/stock unit and stock option grants 
 7,441 
 3,580 
 554 
 
 Deferred income tax benefit 
 (67,394 ) 
 (69,564 ) 
 (82,432 ) 
 
 Undistributed earnings of affiliated companies 
 132 
 (399 ) 
 108 
 
 Deferred payment obligations on charters-in 
 - 
 590 
 3,232 
 
 Reorganization items, non-cash 
 5,198 
 (50 ) 
 22,402 
 
 Other net 
 2,268 
 1,971 
 2,032 
 
 Items included in net income/(loss) related to investing and financing activities: 

 Discount on repurchase of debt 
 (3,415 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other property, net 
 127 
 207 
 (578 ) 
 
 Distributions from INSW 
 202,000 
 200,000 
 53,225 
 
 Payments for drydocking 
 (6,844 ) 
 (41,323 ) 
 (25,740 ) 
 
 Bankruptcy and IRS claim payments 
 (7,136 ) 
 (8,343 ) 
 (289,899 ) 
 
 Deferred financing costs paid for loan modification 
 - 
 (4,220 ) 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

 (Increase)/decrease in receivables 
 (16,794 ) 
 6,502 
 7,979 
 
 Decrease in income tax recoverable 
 323 
 54,637 
 (51,904 ) 
 
 Security deposits with vendors and lenders 
 - 
 - 
 10,369 
 
 Increase/(decrease) in deferred revenue 
 63 
 (3,034 ) 
 (2,989 ) 
 
 Net change in prepaid items and accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
 current and long-term liabilities 
 13,977 
 (26,791 ) 
 15,854 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 328,860 
 276,333 
 (411,482 ) 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

 Change in restricted cash 
 (5,261 ) 
 42,502 
 (53,085 ) 
 
 Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements 
 - 
 (53 ) 
 (10,958 ) 
 
 Expenditures for other property 
 (666 ) 
 (75 ) 
 (489 ) 
 
 Contributions to INSW 
 - 
 - 
 (11,260 ) 
 
 Other net 
 - 
 (1 ) 
 833 
 
 Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 
 (5,927 ) 
 42,373 
 (74,959 ) 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 1,510,000 
 
 Cash dividends paid 
 (31,910 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of debt, net of issuance and deferred financing costs 
 - 
 - 
 576,058 
 
 Payments on debt, including adequate protection payments 
 (54,345 ) 
 (6,030 ) 
 (1,338,618 ) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 
 (120,224 ) 
 (326,051 ) 
 - 
 
 Repurchases of common stock and common stock warrants 
 (119,343 ) 
 (3,633 ) 
 - 
 
 Payments on debt of INSW guaranteed by OSG 
 - 
 - 
 (477,835 ) 
 
 Purchases of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 (162 ) 
 
 Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 
 (325,822 ) 
 (335,714 ) 
 269,443 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (2,889 ) 
 (17,008 ) 
 (216,998 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 193,978 
 210,986 
 427,984 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 $ 191,089 
 $ 193,978 
 $ 210,986 

 Cash flows from discontinued operations: 

 Cash flows provided by/(used in) operating activities 
 $ 111,768 
 $ 222,739 
 $ (253,295 ) 
 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities 
 25,202 
 114,163 
 16,361 
 
 Cash flows provided by/(used in) financing activities 
 (355,687 ) 
 (206,284 ) 
 241,231 
 
 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued
 operations 
 $ (218,717 ) 
 $ 130,618 
 $ 4,297 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 

 59 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 Retained 

 Accumulated 

 Paid-in 
 Earnings / 

 Other 

 Common 
 Additional 
 (Accumulated 
 Treasury Stock 
 Comprehensive 

 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Loss 
 Total 

 Balance at December 31, 2013 
 $ 44,291 
 $ 413,753 
 $ 386,250 
 13,575,339 
 $ (835,197 ) 
 $ (69,344 ) 
 $ (60,247 ) 
 
 Net Loss 

 (152,273 ) 

 (152,273 ) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Loss, net of taxes 

 (14,036 ) 
 (14,036 ) 
 
 Forfeitures of Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 3,110 
 
 138,330 
 (3,110 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Cancellation of Common Stock 
 (44,291 ) 
 (419,176 ) 
 (375,002 ) 
 (13,743,949 ) 
 838,469 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock 
 3,148 
 1,506,852 

 1,510,000 
 
 Issuance of Restricted Stock Awards 
 3 
 (3 ) 

 - 
 
 Compensation Related to Options Granted, net of true-up for actual
 forfeitures 
 
 278 

 278 
 
 Amortization of Restricted Stock Awards, net of true-up for actual
 forfeitures 
 
 2,035 

 2,035 
 
 Compensation Related to Class A Options Granted 
 
 60 

 60 
 
 Amortization of Class A Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit
 Awards 
 
 432 

 432 
 
 Conversion of Class B Warrants to Class B Common Stock 
 7 
 (7 ) 

 - 
 
 Purchases of Treasury Stock 

 30,280 
 (162 ) 
 
 (162 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2014 
 3,158 
 1,507,334 
 (141,025 ) 
 - 
 - 
 (83,380 ) 
 1,286,087 
 
 Net Income 

 283,960 

 283,960 
 
 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

 9,919 
 9,919 
 
 Stock Dividends Declared 
 338 
 143,879 
 (144,217 ) 

 - 
 
 Issuance and Vesting of Restricted Stock Awards 
 5 
 (5 ) 

 - 
 
 Forfeitures and Cancellation of Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 (257 ) 

 (257 ) 
 
 Compensation Related to Class A Options Granted 
 
 621 

 621 
 
 Amortization of Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 1,217 

 1,217 
 
 Compensation Related to Class A Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 2,574 

 2,574 
 
 Repurchase of Class A Warrants 
 
 (3,633 ) 

 (3,633 ) 
 
 Conversion of Class A and Class B Warrants
 to Common Stock 
 219 
 (219 ) 

 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 3,720 
 1,651,511 
 (1,282 ) 
 - 
 - 
 (73,461 ) 
 1,580,488 
 
 Net Loss 

 (293,614 ) 

 (293,614 ) 
 
 Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes 

 6,956 
 6,956 
 
 Dividends Declared and Paid 
 
 (5,070 ) 
 (25,503 ) 

 (30,573 ) 
 
 Special Dividend Paid to Class B shareholders 

 (1,337 ) 

 (1,337 ) 
 
 Vesting of Restricted Stock Awards to be Settled in Cash 
 
 (528 ) 

 (528 ) 
 
 Issuance and Vesting of Restricted Stock Awards 
 3 
 (3 ) 

 - 
 
 Forfeitures and Cancellation of Restricted Stock Awards 
 
 (363 ) 

 (363 ) 
 
 Compensation Related to Class A Options Granted, net of forfeitures 
 
 2,414 

 2,414 
 
 Compensation Related to Class A Restricted Stock Awards, net of
 forfeitures 
 
 5,882 

 5,882 
 
 Repurchase of Class A Warrants and Class A Common Stock 
 (5 ) 
 (119,338 ) 

 (119,343 ) 
 
 Conversion of Class A and B Warrants to Common Stock 
 413 
 (413 ) 

 - 
 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 (3,429 ) 
 3,429 

 - 
 
 Distribution of INSW Stock 
 
 (953,995 ) 

 58,345 
 (895,650 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2016 
 $ 702 
 $ 583,526 
 $ (321,736 ) 
 - 
 - 
 $ (8,160 ) 
 $ 254,332 

 See notes to consolidated financial statements 

 60 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 NOTE 1 -- BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS: 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the "Company"
or "OSG", or "we" or "us" or "our"). All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in 50% or less owned affiliated companies, in which the Company
exercises significant influence, are accounted for by the equity method. Dollar amounts, except per share amounts, are in thousands. 

 The Company owns and operates a fleet of oceangoing vessels
engaged primarily in the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trade through its wholly
owned subsidiary, OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. ("OBS"), a New York corporation. 

 On November 30, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"),
OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned
subsidiary International Seaways, Inc. ("INSW"). The spin-off separated OSG and INSW into two distinct businesses
with separate management. OSG retained the U.S. Flag business and INSW holds entities and other assets and liabilities that formed
OSG's former International Flag business. 

 The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata distribution
of INSW's common stock to our stockholders and warrant holders of record as of 5:00 p.m., New York time on November 18, 2016
(the "Record Date"). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW's
common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of
INSW's common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately
prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). 

 The spin-off was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution
Agreement and several other agreements with INSW related to the spin-off, including a Transition Services Agreement and an Employee
Matters Agreement. These agreements govern the relationship between us and INSW following the spin-off and provide for the allocation
of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations. These agreements also include arrangements for transition services to
be provided by OSG to INSW and by INSW to OSG. 

 In accordance with Accounting Standards Update ("ASU")
2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , the assets and liabilities
and results of operations of INSW are reported as discontinued operations, net of taxes, for all periods presented. Accordingly,
all references made to financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to the Company's continuing operations unless
specifically noted. See Note 5, "Discontinued Operations," for additional information. 

 As further discussed in Note 14, "Capital Stock and Stock
Compensation," the Company's board of directors (the "Board") approved a stock dividend of Class A common
stock, whereby on December 17, 2015, all shareholders of record of the Company's Class A and B common stock as of December
3, 2015 (the "record date"), received a dividend of one-tenth of one share of Class A common stock for each share
of Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by them as of the record date. In addition, as discussed further in Note
14, effective May 27, 2016, all Class B common shares and Class B warrants automatically converted into one Class A common share
and one Class A warrant, respectively, and on June 2, 2016 the Board approved an amendment (the "Reverse Split Amendment")
to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six
(6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Reverse Split"). The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. In accordance with Financial
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") ASC 260, Earnings Per
Share , the Company adjusted the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share retroactively for all periods presented
to reflect that change in its capital structure. Accordingly, amounts previously reported in 2015 and 2014 with respect to earnings
per share, outstanding Class A shares, Class A restricted stock units, restricted shares and stock options have been restated
where appropriate. See Note 4, "Earnings per Common Share," for additional information. 

 NOTE 2 -- CHAPTER 11 FILING AND EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY: 

 On November 14, 2012 (the "Petition Date"), the
Company and 180 of its subsidiaries (together with OSG, the "Debtors") filed voluntary petitions for reorganization
under Chapter 11 of Title II of the U.S. Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court"). On March 7, 2014, the Debtors filed a plan of reorganization supported by certain
of the lenders under OSG's $1,500,000 credit agreement, dated as of February 9, 2006 (the "Lender Plan"). On
April 18, 2014, the Debtors received a proposal for an alternative plan of reorganization from certain holders of existing equity
interests of OSG, which the Debtors determined to be more favorable to the Debtors' creditors and equity interest holders
than the Lender Plan (the "Equity Proposal"). Accordingly, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a plan of reorganization
that effectuated the terms of the Equity Proposal (as subsequently amended, the "Equity Plan"). The Bankruptcy Court
confirmed the Equity Plan by order entered on July 18, 2014 (the "Confirmation Order"). On August 5, 2014 (the "Effective
Date"), the Equity Plan became effective and OSG emerged from bankruptcy. On February 10, 2017, pursuant to a final decree
and order of the Bankruptcy Court, OSG's one remaining case, as the Parent Company, was closed. 

 61 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Summary of Emergence from Bankruptcy 

 The Equity Plan deleveraged the Company's balance sheet
by reducing debt and increasing stockholders' equity. The financial restructuring was accomplished through exit financing
and by using the proceeds from a shareholder rights offering (including Backstop Securities) and supplemental equity offering
(Holdback Securities), as further discussed below, and cash on hand to reduce outstanding indebtedness. Below is a summary of
the significant events affecting the Company's capital structure as a result of the Equity Plan becoming effective. The
share information below has been adjusted for the reverse stock split described in Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Description
of Business." 

 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

 On the Effective Date, the Company amended and restated its
certificate of incorporation (the "Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation") to among other things, authorize
the Company to issue 177,987,801 shares of stock consisting of the following classes: (a) 166,666,666 shares of Class A common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, (b) 1,321,134 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share and (c) 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, which may be issued in one or more series as the Board of Directors may determine
from time to time. 

 Equity Commitment Agreement 

 On May 2, 2014, the Debtors entered into an equity commitment
agreement (as subsequently amended, and including the exhibits thereto, the "Equity Commitment Agreement") with potential
investors (each, an "Initial Commitment Party") and upon amendment of the Equity Commitment Agreement to, among other
things, join certain additional parties to the Equity Commitment Agreement (each such additional party and each Initial Commitment
Party, a "Commitment Party"). The Equity Commitment Agreement, along with the associated rights offering procedures,
set forth the terms of an equity rights offering (the "Rights Offering") and separate sale of Holdback Securities
(as defined below) for an aggregate offering amount of $1,510,000. The Equity Plan and Equity Commitment Agreement further provided
for the Company's issuance of two separate classes of common stock (the "Class A common stock" and the "Class
B common stock", and collectively the "New Shares") and penny warrants to purchase Class A common stock and
Class B common stock (respectively "Class A warrants" and "Class B warrants", and, together with the New
Shares, the "Rights Offering Securities"). 

 Rights Offering and Issuance of Shares and Warrants 

 In accordance with the Equity Commitment Agreement and the
Equity Plan, on or about June 10, 2014, subscription rights to purchase Rights Offering Securities (each such right, a "Subscription
Right") were distributed in respect of each then outstanding share of common stock of Pre-Reorganized OSG (each such share,
an "Existing Share") to the holder of record of such Existing Share as of June 6, 2014 (the "Record Date").
Each Subscription Right entitled a holder thereof that satisfied certain specified conditions (each, an "Eligible Holder")
to purchase 12 shares of Class A common stock or Class A warrants, as applicable, as described in the Equity Plan, for $18.00
per Rights Offering Security. Each Eligible Holder that timely elected to participate in the Rights Offering (each, a "Participating
Eligible Holder") was able to exercise some, all or none of the Subscription Rights it received, but each Subscription Right
could only be exercised in whole, and not in part. All holders of Existing Shares of Pre-Reorganized OSG as of the Record Date
that were not Participating Eligible Holders received, as described in the Equity Plan, one new share of Class B common stock
or Class B warrants in respect of each Existing Share held by such holder on the Record Date. 

 Each Commitment Party agreed in the Equity Commitment Agreement
to exercise its Subscription Rights in full (to the extent such Commitment Party received Subscription Rights), to purchase a
portion of any remaining securities related to unexercised Subscription Rights following completion of the Rights Offering (the
"Backstop Securities") and to purchase a portion of a further additional number of shares of Class A common stock
and/or Class A warrants (the "Holdback Securities") (the Rights Offering Securities, Backstop Securities and Holdback
Securities, collectively, the "Aggregate Offering") allocated to such Commitment Party under the Equity Commitment
Agreement. As consideration for the respective commitments to purchase Backstop Securities, the Company granted to the Commitment
Parties an aggregate of 4,194,445 further shares of Class A common stock and Class A warrants. 

 On the Effective Date, all previously issued and outstanding
shares of the Company's common stock were cancelled and retired, and ceased to exist, and the Company issued the two series
of common stock and penny warrants (described above) for an aggregate offering amount of $1,510,000. The Company issued 51,142,963
shares of Class A common stock and 35,619,237 Class A warrants pursuant to Rule 506(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
In addition, the Company issued 909,599 shares of Class B common stock and 411,502 Class B warrants pursuant to Section 1145 of
the Bankruptcy Code. Pursuant to the Confirmation Order, the Class A common stock and Class B common stock were deemed to be part
of the same class of securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The proceeds from the issuance of the
Rights Offering Securities were used to satisfy certain of the Equity Plan's cash payment obligations and to provide working
capital to fund the Company's operations after emergence from bankruptcy. 

 62 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 For additional information regarding the Company's capital
structure see Note 14, "Capital Stock and Stock Compensation," to these consolidated financial statements. 

 Exit Financing and Entry into Credit Facilities 

 On the Effective Date, to support the Equity Plan, OSG and
its subsidiaries entered into secured debt facilities consisting of: (i) a secured asset-based revolving loan facility of $75,000,
among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("Wells Fargo") as
Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the "OBS ABL Facility"), secured by a first lien on substantially
all of the U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on certain other specified U.S. Flag assets and (ii)
a secured term loan of $603,000, among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Jefferies Finance LLC ("Jefferies"),
as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto (the "OBS Term Loan"), secured by a first lien on certain
specified U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on substantially all of the other U.S. Flag assets of
OBS and its subsidiaries. On August 5, 2014, the available amounts under the OBS Term Loan was drawn in full. 

 Financial Reporting 

 The Company prepared its consolidated financial statements
in accordance with ASC 852, Reorganizations, and on a going-concern basis, which assumes continuity of operations, realization
of assets and liabilities in the ordinary course for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 ASC 852 requires that financial statements for periods subsequent
to the filing of the Chapter 11 cases distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization
from the ongoing operations of the business. Accordingly, all transactions (including but not limited to, all professional fees
and other expenses, realized gains and losses, and provisions for losses) directly associated with the reorganization and restructuring
of the business are reported separately as reorganization items in the consolidated statements of operations. The balance sheet,
prior to emergence, was required to distinguish pre-petition liabilities subject to compromise from both those pre-petition liabilities
that are not subject to compromise and from post-petition liabilities. However, there were no liabilities that are subject to
compromise as of the end of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 Upon the Company's emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy
proceedings on August 5, 2014, the Company was not required to apply fresh start accounting based on the provisions of ASC 852
since holders of the Company's outstanding common shares immediately before confirmation of the Equity Plan received more
than 50% of the Company's outstanding common shares upon emergence. Accordingly, a new reporting entity was not created
for accounting purposes. 

 Reorganization Items, net 

 Reorganization items, net represent amounts incurred after
the Petition Date as a direct result of the filing of the Chapter 11 cases and are comprised of the following: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Trustee fees 
 $ 100 
 $ 217 
 $ 2,742 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,288 
 8,027 
 112,280 
 
 Provision for and expenses incurred on rejected executory contracts, including
 post-petition interest 
 - 
 - 
 107 
 
 Litigation settlement, net 
 (20,359 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Litigation settlement due to class action plaintiffs 
 2,136 
 - 
 - 
 
 Litigation settlement due to Class B warrant holders 
 86 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for claims 
 4,824 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for post-petition interest on debt facilities 
 - 
 - 
 5,321 
 
 Provision for post-petition interest on claims 
 - 
 - 
 (27 ) 
 
 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 
 - 
 - 
 1,488 
 
 Provision for class action lawsuit and other subordinated claims 
 - 
 - 
 17,000 
 
 Other claim adjustments 
 - 
 (192 ) 
 14,214 

 $ (10,925 ) 
 $ 8,052 
 $ 153,125 

 63 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 On February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
with Proskauer and four of its partners to settle the malpractice suit filed by the Company in March 2014. Settlement proceeds
totaling $20,359 net of all related out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the Company during the three months
ended March 31, 2016 are included in litigation settlement, net in the table above. In addition, as discussed below in Note 21,
"Contingencies," pursuant to the terms of the Company's settlement with members of the putative class of securities
claimants, the Company recognized an income statement charge for 15%, or $2,136, of the Net Litigation Recovery amount of $14,242
(as defined below) during the year ended December 31, 2016. The "Net Litigation Recovery" is the gross amount of the
settlement less all related out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the Company since the inception of the action
against the Proskauer Plaintiffs (as defined in Note 21) through the date of settlement. Further, as required by the Equity Plan,
the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and the Class B Warrant Agreement, the Company distributed 10%, or $1,423, of
the Net Litigation Recovery amount to the Class B shareholders and warrant holders in May 2016. Approximately $86 of the aforementioned
$1,423, which represents the proportional share of the Net Litigation Recovery payable to the Company's Class B warrant
holders, was recognized as a charge to reorganization items, net in the second quarter of 2016. The balance of $1,337 was distributed
in the form of a special dividend to the Company's Class B shareholders and was recorded as a reduction of retained earnings. 

 The table above also includes a $4,824 provision related to
claims associated with the SEC investigation. As described in Note 21, "Contingencies," such claims were subsequently
settled during the first quarter of 2017. 

 Contractual post-petition interest for debt facilities and
certain rejected executory contracts is reported as interest expense in 

 the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2014. See Note 9, "Debt." 

 Cash paid for reorganization items, excluding the Proskauer
related settlement amounts noted above, was $2,455, $18,068, and $443,296 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 NOTE 3 -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES: 

 1. Cash
 and cash equivalents -- Interest-bearing deposits that are highly liquid investments
 and have a maturity of three months or less when purchased are included in cash and cash
 equivalents. Management has designated cash reserves of $5,576 and $10,583 as of December
 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, to be utilized for the settlement of certain
 unsecured claims related to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy. Additionally,
 restricted cash as of December 31, 2016 includes $10,268 of legally restricted cash.
 Pursuant to the terms of the OBS Facility, in the event of a spinoff of INSW, the Company
 was required to set aside, in an escrow account, cash in an aggregate amount of not less
 than the sum of all accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes
 (as defined in Note 9, "Debt") through the date of the consummation of the
 INSW Spinoff and all interest expense that will accrue under the respective outstanding
 Unsecured Senior Notes from the date of the consummation of the INSW Spinoff through
 the maturity of the respective Unsecured Senior Notes. Activity relating to restricted
 cash is reflected in investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flow. 

 2. Vessels,
 vessel lives, deferred drydocking expenditures and other property --Vessels
 are recorded at cost and are depreciated to their estimated salvage value on the straight-line
 basis over the estimated useful lives of the vessels, which are generally 25 years (except
 for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30 years are used). Each vessel's
 salvage value is equal to the product of its lightweight tonnage and an estimated scrap
 rate of $300 per ton. 

 Other property, including leasehold improvements,
are recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the leases or the estimated useful
lives of the assets, which range from three to 15 years. 

 Interest costs are capitalized to vessels during
the period that vessels are under construction however, no interest was capitalized during 2016, 2015 or 2014, as there were no
vessels under construction. 

 Expenditures incurred during a drydocking are deferred
and amortized on the straight-line basis over the period until the next scheduled drydocking, generally two and a half to five
years. The Company only includes in deferred drydocking costs those direct costs that are incurred as part of the drydocking to
meet regulatory requirements, or are expenditures that add economic life to the vessel, increase the vessel's earnings capacity
or improve the vessel's efficiency. Direct costs include shipyard costs as well as the costs of placing the vessel in the
shipyard. Expenditures for normal maintenance and repairs, whether incurred as part of the drydocking or not, are expensed as
incurred. 

 The carrying value of each of the Company's
vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation calculated using estimated useful
lives from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or from the date (as in the case of certain of the
Company's ATBs) a vessel was rebuilt. A vessel's carrying value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e., its current
fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

 64 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 If the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company's
vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, a prolonged weak market environment, a broad imposition of age restrictions
by the Company's customers, or other future events, it could result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses
in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels. In September 2015, after evaluating various
impairment indicators that existed at that time, (See Note 6, "Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property"), management
determined that it was more likely than not that the Company would scrap six of its rebuilt ATBs at the time of their next scheduled
drydock special survey date rather than make the significant capital expenditures necessary to comply with regulatory requirements.
Accordingly, the remaining useful lives for such ATBs were adjusted on a prospective basis beginning on October 1, 2015, resulting
in an increase in depreciation expense of approximately $3,600 per quarter or $14,400 per year after September 30, 2015. During
the third quarter of 2016, management evaluated various impairment indicators that existed at the end of such period and as a
result, determined that it was more likely than not that the Company would scrap seven of its rebuilt ATBs prior to their then
estimated disposal date, as described above. Accordingly, the remaining useful lives for such ATBs were further adjusted. This
reduction in useful lives reduced the decrease in depreciation expense attributable to the ATB vessel impairments discussed in
Note 6, "Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property," by approximately $2,200 per quarter beginning on October 1,
2016. 

 3. Impairment
 of long-lived assets --The carrying amounts of long-lived assets held and used
 by the Company are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of a particular asset may not be fully recoverable.
 In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the estimate of the undiscounted
 future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition
 is less than the asset's carrying amount. This assessment is made at the individual
 vessel level since separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available.
 The impairment charge, if any, would be measured as the amount by which the carrying
 amount of a vessel exceeded its fair value. A long-lived asset impairment charge results
 in a new cost basis being established for the relevant long-lived asset. See Note 6,
 "Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property," for further discussion on
 the impairment tests performed on certain of our vessels during the three years ended
 December 31, 2016. 

 4. Intangible
 asset --Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired in a business combination
 are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if impairment
 indicators arise. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their
 estimated useful lives and are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes
 in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible may be impaired. 

 The Company's intangible assets at December
31, 2016 and 2015 consisted of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The long-term
customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years. As discussed in Note 6, "Vessels, Deferred
Drydock and Other Property," during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company identified changes in circumstances
that were indicative of a continued weakening of the Jones Act market. Such indicators included a decline in the number of Jones
Act tank vessels transporting crude oil, which led to (i) increased competition for clean cargoes and the idling of some Jones
Act vessels; (ii) a sharp decrease in estimated spot rates for Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs between July and September
2016; and (iii) a significant decline in forecasted near term TCE rates reported by a leading third party industry analyst. These
factors were determined to be triggering events warranting an interim impairment test of the carrying value of the customer relationships
intangible asset. As there can be significant overlap between the customers served by each of the Company's vessel types,
the Company's business as a whole was determined to be the lowest level at which cash flows are largely independent of the
cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities for purposes of testing the customer relationship intangible asset for recoverability.
The Company reduced its estimates of undiscounted future cash flows to reflect consideration of the above new factors. Based on
the results of the recoverability test performed, no intangible assets impairment was recorded as of September 30, 2016 as the
net cash flows from the asset group were in excess of the carrying value of the asset group. The Company also determined that
there were no triggering events between September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016. 

 5. Deferred finance charges --Finance charges incurred
 in the arrangement and amendment of debt are deferred and amortized to interest expense
 on either an effective interest method or straight-line basis over the life of the related
 debt. 

 Unamortized deferred finance charges of $800 and
$1,181 relating to the OBS ABL Facility (as defined in Note 9, "Debt") are included in other assets in the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Unamortized deferred financing charges of $10,421 and $18,153 relating
to the OBS Term Loan (as defined in Note 9, "Debt") and $1,414 and $3,523 relating to the Unsecured Senior Notes are
included in long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest expense
relating to the amortization of deferred financing charges amounted to $6,005 in 2016, $5,154 in 2015 and $1,964 in 2014. 

 65 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 6. Revenue and expense recognition --Revenues from
 time charters are accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably over
 the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed. Voyage revenues and expenses
 are recognized ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a discharge-to-discharge
 basis and, therefore, are allocated between reporting periods based on the relative transit
 time in each period. The impact of recognizing voyage expenses ratably over the length
 of each voyage is not materially different on a quarterly and annual basis from a method
 of recognizing such costs as incurred. OSG does not begin recognizing voyage revenue
 until a charter has been agreed to by both the Company and the customer, even if the
 vessel has discharged its cargo and is sailing to the anticipated load port on its next
 voyage. 

 Under voyage charters, expenses such as fuel, port
charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions are paid by the Company whereas, under time and bareboat
charters, such voyage costs are paid by the Company's customers. 

 7. Concentration of Credit Risk -- Financial instruments
 that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are voyage receivables
 due from charterers. With respect to voyage receivables, the Company limits its credit
 risk by performing ongoing credit evaluations. Voyage receivables reflected in the consolidated
 balance sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 are net of an allowance for doubtful
 accounts of $70 and $31, respectively. The provisions for doubtful accounts for the years
 ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were not material. 

 During the three years ended December 31, 2016, 2015
and 2014, the Company had four individual customers who accounted for 10% or more of its revenues as follows: 

 Percentage of Shipping Revenue 
 
 Customer Name 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Tesoro 
 16 % 
 15 % 
 13 % 
 
 Petrobras America Inc. 
 12 % 
 12 % 
 12 % 
 
 Shell 
 12 % 
 11 % 
 12 % 
 
 Marathon Petroleum Company 
 11 % 
 14 % 
 12 % 

 8. Derivatives --ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ,
 requires the Company to recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.
 Derivatives that are not effective hedges must be adjusted to fair value through earnings.
 If the derivative is an effective hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, a change
 in the fair value of the derivative is either offset against the change in fair value
 of the hedged item (fair value hedge), or recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss)
 and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedge transaction
 affects earnings (cash flow hedge). The ineffective portion (that is, the change in fair
 value of the derivative that does not offset the change in fair value of the hedged item)
 of an effective hedge and the full amount of the change in fair value of derivative instruments
 that do not qualify for hedge accounting are immediately recognized in earnings. 

 The Company formally documents all relationships
between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge
transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges to forecasted transactions.
The Company also formally assesses (both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis) whether the derivatives that are used
in hedging transactions have been highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of hedged items and whether those derivatives
may be expected to remain highly effective in future periods. When it is determined that a derivative is not (or has ceased to
be) highly effective as a hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively, as discussed below. 

 The Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively
when (1) it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a hedged item such
as forecasted transactions; (2) the derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised; (3) it is no longer probable that
the forecasted transaction will occur; or (4) management determines that designating the derivative as a hedging instrument is
no longer appropriate or desired. 

 When the Company discontinues hedge accounting because
it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period, the gain or loss on the
derivative remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects
earnings. However, if it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur by the end of the originally specified time
period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter, the gains and losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive
loss will be recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative
remains outstanding, the Company will carry the derivative at its fair value on the balance sheet, recognizing changes in the
fair value in current-period earnings, unless it is designated in a new hedging relationship. 

 66 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 During the three years ended December 31, 2016, no
ineffectiveness gains or losses were recorded in earnings relative to interest rate caps entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries
that qualified for hedge accounting. Any gain or loss realized upon the early termination of an interest rate cap is recognized
as an adjustment of interest expense over the shorter of the remaining term of the cap or the hedged debt. See Note 10, "Fair
Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures," for additional disclosures on the Company's
interest rate caps and other financial instruments. 

 9. Income taxes -- The Company accounts for income
 taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred
 tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
 been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements
 and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year
 in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates
 on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes
 the enactment date. 

 Net deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent
the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such a determination, all available positive
and negative evidence is considered, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable
income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. In the event the Company were to determine that it would be
able to realize its deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment would be made
to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes in the period such determination
is made. 

 Uncertain tax positions are recorded in accordance
with ASC 740, Income Taxes , on the basis of a two-step process whereby (1) the Company first determines whether it is more
likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (2) for tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater
than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

 10. Use of estimates --The preparation of financial
 statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
 States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
 of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses reported in the financial statements
 and accompanying notes. The most significant estimates relate to the depreciation of
 vessels and other property, amortization of drydocking costs, estimates used in assessing
 the recoverability of intangible and other long-lived assets, liabilities incurred relating
 to pension benefits, and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 11. Issuance of shares or units by subsidiaries --The
 Company accounts for gains or losses from the issuance of shares or units by its subsidiaries
 as an adjustment to equity. 

 12. Segment information -- Operating segments are
 defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities. The Company
 has determined that it operates its business as a single segment as its chief operating
 decision maker and its management team make decisions about resource allocations and
 review and measure the Company's results as one line of business with similar regulatory
 requirements, customers and commodities transported. 

 13. Recently adopted accounting standards -- In April
 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
 Costs (ASC 835 ), which amends the requirement to recognize debt issuance costs as
 deferred charges. The amendment requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized
 debt liability be presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
 cost of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The amendments are effective
 for public companies for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this accounting standard on January
 1, 2016 and has applied the guidance retrospectively. The impact of the retrospective
 adoption on the Company's December 31, 2015 balance sheet are reductions of both
 other assets and long-term debt by $21,676. 

 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (ASC 205) , which explicitly
requires management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and disclose going concern uncertainties
in connection with each annual and interim period. The new standard requires management to assess if there is substantial doubt
about an entity's ability to continue to meet its obligations within one year after the reporting date based upon management's
consideration of relevant conditions that are known (and reasonably knowable) at the issuance date. The new standard defines substantial
doubt and provides example indicators. Disclosures will be required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt. However, management
will need to assess if its plans will alleviate substantial doubt to determine the specific disclosures. The new standard is effective
for all entities in the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016. The adoption of this accounting standard did not have
any impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

 67 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 14. Recently issued accounting standards -- In November
 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC 230): Restricted
 Cash , which requires that amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted
 cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period
 and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The standard will
 be effective for annual periods beginning after December 31, 2017 and interim periods
 within that reporting period. Management does not expect the adoption of this accounting
 standard to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated statements of
 cash flows. 

 In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,
 Income Taxes (ASC 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , amending the accounting for income taxes.
Under current guidance the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer is prohibited until
the asset has been sold to an outside party. The amended guidance eliminates the prohibition against immediate recognition of
current and deferred income tax amounts associated with intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This guidance
is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption permitted as of the beginning
of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance. The
requirements of the amended guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment
directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. Management does not expect the adoption of this
accounting standard to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification
of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASC 230), which amends the guidance in ASC 230 on the classification of certain
cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The primary purpose of the ASU is to reduce the diversity in practice
that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles on this topic with respect to (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds
from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions
received from equity method investees; (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable
cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The standard will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 31, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method.
Management is currently reviewing the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard on the Company's consolidated financial
statements. 

 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASC 718) , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, forfeitures, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification in the statement of cash flows. The standard will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 31,
2016 and interim periods within that reporting period. Management is currently reviewing the impact of the adoption of this accounting
standard on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (ASC 842) , which requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet. This is expected to increase both
reported assets and liabilities. For public companies, the standard will be effective for the first interim reporting period within
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, although early adoption is permitted. Lessees and lessors will be required to
apply the new standard at the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which they first apply
the new guidance, using a modified retrospective transition method. The requirements of this standard include a significant increase
in required disclosures. Management is analyzing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company's consolidated
financial statements, including assessing changes that might be necessary to information technology systems, processes and internal
controls to capture new data and address changes in financial reporting. Management expects that the Company will recognize substantial
increases in reported amounts for property, plant and equipment and related lease liabilities upon adoption of the new standard.
As of December 31, 2016, the contractual obligations for the Company's leased vessels was approximately $345,027. 

 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (ASC 6 06) to provide a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with
customers to improve comparability within industries, across industries, and across capital markets. Subsequent to the May 2014
issuance, several clarifications and updates have been issued on this topic. The revenue standard contains principles that an
entity will apply to determine the measurement and timing of when it is recognized. The underlying principle is that an entity
will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled
to in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB subsequently delayed the effective date of the revenue standard by one year.
For public companies, the revenue standard is effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. Reporting entities may choose to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. The requirements
of this standard include an increase in required disclosures. Management has not yet selected a transition method and is currently
analyzing the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Company's consolidated financial statements, including assessing
changes that might be necessary to information technology systems, processes and internal controls to capture new data and address
changes in financial reporting. 

 68 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 4 -- EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE: 

 As discussed in Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence
from Bankruptcy," all shares of our common stock prior to the Effective Date were cancelled pursuant to the Equity Plan.
Post-emergence, the Company presents common share information for the Class A and Class B securities. 

 Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings,
after the deduction of dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities, by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. As management deemed the exercise price for the Class A and B warrants of $0.01
per share to be nominal, warrant proceeds are ignored and the shares issuable upon Class A and B warrant exercise are included
in the calculation of Class A and B basic weighted average common shares outstanding for all periods. 

 The computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance
of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and restricted stock units. Participating securities are defined by
ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , as unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or
dividend equivalents and are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. 

 On June 2, 2016 the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment
to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected the Reverse Split.
The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. In accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , the Company
adjusted the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share retroactively for all periods presented to reflect that change
in its capital structure. 

 Accordingly, amounts previously reported for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2015, and for the quarters ended March 31, 2015, June 30, 2015, September 30, 2015, and March 31, 2016 with
respect to income/(loss) per share, outstanding Class A common shares, Class A restricted stock units, Class A restricted shares
and Class A stock options, Class B shares and Class B warrants have been restated, where appropriate. The table below shows the
effect of the Reverse Split on the calculation of per share amounts previously reported. 

 69 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Year Ended 
 Three Months
 Ending 
 Year Ended 
 Three 
 Months Ending 
 
 (Thousands of shares) 
 December 31, 
 2014 
 March 31, 
 2015 
 June 30, 
 2015 
 September 30, 
 2015 
 December 31,
 2014 
 December 31, 
 2015 
 March 31, 
 2016 

 (unaudited) 
 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding
 used to calculate basic net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class A 
 (195,069 ) 
 (477,862 ) 
 (477,881 ) 
 (477,949 ) 
 (477,996 ) 
 (477,923 ) 
 (473,688 ) 

 Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding used to
 calculate diluted net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class A 
 (195,069 ) 
 (477,862 ) 
 (478,109 ) 
 (477,996 ) 
 (477,996 ) 
 (478,145 ) 
 (473,688 ) 

 Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding used to
 calculate basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class B 
 (2,696 ) 
 (6,604 ) 
 (6,602 ) 
 (6,600 ) 
 (6,600 ) 
 (6,602 ) 
 (6,600 ) 

 Class A 

 There were 54,993, 52,730, and 21,073 weighted average shares
of unvested Class A restricted common stock shares considered to be participating securities as of December 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. Such participating securities were allocated a portion of income under the two-class method for the year ended December
31, 2015, but no allocation of loss was made for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2014 since the holders of the participating
securities do not participate in losses. 

 The computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance
of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and restricted stock units not classified as participating securities.
As of December 31, 2016, there were 485,223 shares of Class A restricted stock units and 1,114,103 Class A stock options outstanding
and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. As of December 31, 2015 there were 268,066 shares of Class A restricted
stock units and 268,538 Class A stock options outstanding and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. As of December
31, 2014 there were 34,907 shares of Class A restricted stock units and 86,228 Class A stock options outstanding and considered
to be potentially dilutive securities. 

 Class B 

 There are no participating securities or potentially dilutive
securities relating to the Class B Common Stock. The Class B shares were all converted to Class A shares in May 2016. 

 70 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The components of the calculation of basic earnings per share
and diluted earnings per share are as follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Net income/(loss) from continuing operations 
 $ (1,059 ) 
 $ 80,565 
 $ (143,206 ) 
 
 Net income/(loss) from discontinued operations 
 (292,555 ) 
 203,395 
 (9,067 ) 
 
 Net income/(loss) 
 (293,614 ) 
 283,960 
 (152,273 ) 

 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

 Class A Common stock - basic 
 90,949,577 
 95,584,559 
 39,013,720 
 
 Class A Common stock - diluted 
 90,949,577 
 95,629,090 
 39,013,720 
 
 Class B Common stock - basic 
 533,758 
 1,320,337 
 18,675,839 
 
 Class B Common stock - diluted 
 533,758 
 1,320,337 
 18,675,839 

 Reconciliations of the numerator of the basic and diluted earnings
per share computations are as follows: 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Net income/(loss) from continuing operations allocated to: 

 Class A Common Stockholders 
 $ (1,002 ) 
 $ 79,424 
 $ (96,846 ) 
 
 Class B Common Stockholders (2) 
 (57 ) 
 1,097 
 (46,360 ) 
 
 Participating securities 
 - 
 44 
 - 

 $ (1,059 ) 
 $ 80,565 
 $ (143,206 ) 

 Net income/(loss) from discontinued operations allocated to: 

 Class A Common Stockholders 
 $ (295,001 ) 
 $ 200,515 
 $ (6,132 ) 
 
 Class B Common Stockholders (2) 
 2,426 
 2,770 
 (2,935 ) 
 
 Participating
 securities (1) 
 20 
 110 
 - 

 $ (292,555 ) 
 $ 203,395 
 $ (9,067 ) 

 (1) The 2016 income/(loss) from discontinued operations
 allocated to participating securities represents amounts equivalent to the cash dividends
 declared. 

 (2) The
 2016 income/(loss) allocated to Class B Common stockholders includes amounts equivalent
 to the special cash dividends declared on the Class B common stock shares. 

 For annual earnings per share calculations, there were 44,531
dilutive equity awards outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2015. Awards of 1,074,548, 221,218 and 31,196 shares of common
stock for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because inclusion
of these awards would be anti-dilutive. 

 NOTE 5 -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

 As discussed in Note 1, on November 30, 2016 the Company completed
the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. In connection with
the spin-off, OSG and INSW entered into a number of agreements that provide a framework for governing the relationships between
the parties going forward. 

 Separation and Distribution Agreement 

 OSG entered into a separation and distribution agreement (the
"Separation and Distribution Agreement") with INSW, which among other things, sets forth other agreements that govern
the aspects of the relationship as follows. 

 Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities .
The Separation and Distribution Agreement identified certain transfers of assets and assumptions of liabilities that were necessary
in advance of the spin-off of INSW from OSG so that OSG and INSW retained the assets of, and the liabilities associated with,
their respective businesses. The Separation and Distribution Agreement also provided for the settlement or extinguishment of certain
liabilities and other obligations between OSG and INSW. 

 Legal Matters and Claims; Sharing of Certain Liabilities.
 Subject to any specified exceptions, each party to the Separation and Distribution Agreement has assumed the liability for,
and control of, all pending and threatened legal matters related to its own business, as well as assumed or retained liabilities,
and has indemnified the other party for any liability arising out of or resulting from such assumed legal matters. 

 71 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Other Matters. In addition to those matters
discussed above, the Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, (i) governs the transfer of assets and liabilities
generally, (ii) terminates all intercompany arrangements between OSG and INSW except for specified agreements and arrangements
that follow the Distribution, (iii) contains further assurances, terms and conditions that require OSG and INSW to use commercially
reasonable efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Separation and Distribution Agreement and the ancillary
agreements, (iv) releases certain claims between the parties and their affiliates, successors and assigns, (v) contains mutual
indemnification clauses and (vi) allocates expenses of the spin-off between the parties. 

 Transition Services Agreement 

 OSG and INSW entered into a transition services agreement (the
"TSA" or "Transition Services Agreement") pursuant to which both parties agreed to provide each other
with specified services for a limited time to help ensure an orderly transition following the Distribution. The Transition Services
Agreement specifies the calculation of the costs for these services. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, OSG will provide
certain administrative services, including administrative support services related to benefit plans, human resources and legal
services, for a transitional period after the spin-off. Similarly, INSW has agreed to provide certain limited transition services
to OSG, including services relating to accounting activities and information and data provision services. The Transition Services
Agreement will terminate 30 days after the expiration or termination of all of the services provided thereunder, which are generally
provided for a maximum period of three to six months. 

 Employee Matters Agreement 

 OSG and INSW entered into an employee matters agreement (the
"Employee Matters Agreement"), which addresses the allocation and treatment of assets and liabilities relating to
employees and compensation and benefit plans and programs in which INSW employees participated, including equity incentive plans.
The Employee Matters Agreement also governs the transfer of employees between OSG and INSW in connection with the Distribution,
and set forth certain obligations for reimbursements and indemnities between OSG and INSW. 

 Results of Discontinued Operations 

 The carrying amounts of the major classes of assets and liabilities
of discontinued operations as of December 31, 2015 consisted of the following: 

 As of December 31, 
 2015 

 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 308,858 
 
 Voyage receivables 
 74,951 
 
 Inventories, prepaids and other current assets 
 12,889 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 396,698 
 
 Restricted cash 
 8,989 
 
 Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation 
 1,240,411 
 
 Deferred drydock expenditures, net 
 37,075 
 
 Total Vessels, Deferred Drydock
 and Other Property 
 1,277,486 
 
 Investments in and advances to affiliated companies 
 344,891 
 
 Other assets 
 1,848 
 
 Total Assets 
 $ 2,029,912 

 LIABILITIES 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 $ 30,746 
 
 Current installments of long-term debt 
 6,284 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 37,030 
 
 Long-term debt 
 588,938 
 
 Other liabilities 
 8,809 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 $ 634,777 

 72 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 As a result of the spin-off transaction, the Company distributed
$895,650 in net assets of INSW, which has been reflected as a reduction to paid-in additional capital and accumulated other comprehensive
loss in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 and statement of changes in equity/(deficit) for the
year ended December 31, 2016. 

 The table below presents statements of operations data for
INSW, which has been classified as discontinued operations for the eleven months ended November 30, 2016 and the years ended December
31, 2015 and 2014. 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Shipping revenues: 

 Pool revenues 
 $ 226,329 
 $ 360,218 
 $ 180,813 
 
 Time and bareboat charter revenues 
 88,786 
 52,092 
 44,846 
 
 Voyage charter revenues 
 50,005 
 85,324 
 291,359 

 365,120 
 497,634 
 517,018 
 
 Operating expenses: 

 Voyage expenses 
 11,219 
 21,844 
 170,031 
 
 Vessel expenses 
 129,914 
 143,925 
 133,772 
 
 Charter hire expenses 
 32,790 
 36,802 
 60,955 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 73,039 
 80,962 
 84,212 
 
 General and administrative 
 17,900 
 17,628 
 31,293 
 
 Technical management transition costs 
 - 
 39 
 3,396 
 
 Spin-off related costs 
 16,763 
 - 
 - 
 
 Severance costs 
 243 
 - 
 14,859 
 
 Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments 
 382,163 
 (4,459 ) 
 (9,957 ) 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 664,031 
 296,741 
 488,561 
 
 (Loss)/Income from Vessel Operations 
 (298,911 ) 
 200,893 
 28,457 
 
 Equity in Income of Affiliated Companies 
 44,067 
 45,546 
 37,872 
 
 Operating (Loss)/Income 
 (254,844 ) 
 246,439 
 66,329 
 
 Other (Expense)\Income 
 (968 ) 
 66 
 (45 ) 
 
 (Loss)/Income before Interest Expense, Reorganization Items and Taxes 
 (255,812 ) 
 246,505 
 66,284 
 
 Interest expense 
 36,430 
 42,970 
 56,258 
 
 (Loss)/Income before Reorganization Items and Income Taxes 
 (292,242 ) 
 203,535 
 10,026 
 
 Reorganization Items, net 
 - 
 - 
 18,349 
 
 (Loss)/Income before Income Taxes 
 (292,242 ) 
 203,535 
 (8,323 ) 
 
 Income Tax Provision 
 313 
 140 
 744 
 
 Net (Loss)/Income 
 $ (292,555 ) 
 $ 203,395 
 $ (9,067 ) 

 Corporate
administrative expenses, reorganization costs, employee compensation and benefits related costs, severance costs and depreciation
for certain administrative fixed assets were allocated to INSW through November 30, 2016, in accordance with the Shared
Services and Cost Sharing Agreement and the Cost Sharing Agreement by and among, OSG, INSW and OBS. However,
in accordance with the accounting standards for discontinued operations, only costs directly attributable to INSW are to be reported
in the results from discontinued operations. As such, the allocated costs in the table below will differ from the costs allocated
to INSW (and reported or to be reported by INSW) in accordance with the aforementioned cost sharing agreements as discussed further
in Note 13, "Related Parties." Total indirect costs allocated to INSW that are included in continuing operations in
the consolidated statement of operations are $15,380, $29,969, and $109,517 for the eleven months ended November 30, 2016 and
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Such amounts include reorganization items, net of $131, $5,659, and
$86,179 for the eleven months ended November 30, 2016 and the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Also, in accordance with the discontinued operations accounting
standards, approximately $12,264 of one-time separation costs incurred by OSG and that are directly attributable to the spin-off
transaction have been classified in the loss from discontinued operations and are included in the table below. 

 Vessel and Investment in Joint Venture Impairments 
Held for Sale Basis (Disposal Group) 

 ASC 845 requires that the accounting for the distribution of
nonmonetary assets to owners of an entity in a spinoff be based on the recorded amount (after reduction, if appropriate, for an
indicated impairment of value). Based on ASC 505, the nonmonetary distribution of the assets of INSW constitute the disposal of
a business. Accordingly, OSG's distribution of the shares of INSW to its shareholders on November 30, 2016 was recorded based
on the carrying value of the INSW disposal group, after reduction for net impairment charges recognized for the excess of the
carrying value of the INSW disposal group over its fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. 

 73 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The determination of fair value is highly judgmental. In estimating
the fair value of INSW's vessels as of November 30, 2016 the Company considered the market and income approaches by using
a combination of third party appraisals and discounted cash flow models prepared by the Company. In preparing the discounted cash
flow models, the Company used a methodology consistent with the methodology and assumptions detailed in the "Vessel Impairment
 Held for Use Basis" section below, and discounted the cash flows using its current estimate of INSW's weighted
average cost of capital, of 9%. 

 The INSW disposal group includes an approximate 50% interest
in two joint ventures. One joint venture operates four LNG Carriers. The other joint venture converted two ULCCs to Floating Storage
and Offloading Service ("FSO") vessels. In estimating the fair value of INSW's investments in and advances to
these joint ventures as of November 30, 2016, the Company utilized an income approach since there is a lack of comparable market
transactions for the specially built assets held by the joint ventures, by preparing discounted cash flow models. In preparing
the discounted cash flows models the Company used a methodology largely consistent with the methodology and assumptions detailed
in the "Vessel Impairment Held for Use Basis" section below, with the exception being that as the assets owned
by the joint ventures serve under specific service contracts, the estimated charter rates for periods after the expiry of the
existing contracts are based upon management's internally forecasted rates. The cash flows were discounted using the current
estimated weighted average cost of capital for each joint venture, which ranged from 8.7% to 9.5% and took into consideration
country risk, entity size and uncertainty with respect to the cash flows for periods beyond the current charter expiries. 

 Accordingly, the Company recorded a charge in the fourth quarter
of 2016, as part of income/(loss) from discontinued operations of $332,562 to reduce the carrying value of the disposal group
to its estimated fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. 

 Vessel Impairment Held for Use Basis 

 For INSW's International Flag fleet, the Company has
been monitoring the industry wide decline in vessel valuations during 2016 and specifically from June 30, 2016 to September 30,
2016, as well as the decline in forecasted near term charter rates, and concluded that declines in vessel valuations of up to
20% during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 for 28 vessels in its International Flag fleet with carrying values in excess
of their estimated market values, constituted an impairment trigger event for these vessels as of September 30, 2016. In developing
estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, the Company made assumptions about
future performance, with significant assumptions being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking
requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on historical
trends as well as future expectations. The estimated daily time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days were based on a
combination of (i) internally forecasted rates that are consistent with forecasts provided to the Company's senior management
and Board of Directors, and (ii) the trailing 12-year historical average rates, based on quarterly average rates published by
a third party maritime research service. The internally forecasted rates were based on management's evaluation of current
economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries. In estimating the fair value of the vessels for the purposes
of step 2 of the impairment tests, the Company developed fair value estimates that utilized a market approach which considered
an average of two vessel appraisals. Based on the tests performed, impairment charges totaling $49,640 were recorded on two LR1s,
an Aframax and a Panamax to write-down their carrying values to their estimated fair values at September 30, 2016. The aggregate
fair value of the four impaired vessels totaling $68,875 was determined using the market approach, which considers the expected
sales prices of the vessels obtained from third-party appraisals. 

 The remaining 24 vessels tested had estimated undiscounted
future cash flows in excess of their carrying values. 

 Because the determination of the fair value of the disposal
group was based in part on an income approach, which utilized cash flow projections consistent with the most recent projections
of the Company, such fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy (See Note 10, "Fair Value
of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures" for fair value hierarchy definitions). 

 As discussed above, assets of the discontinued operations include
investments in two joint ventures accounted for using the equity method. A condensed summary of the combined assets and
liabilities of the equity method investments and the results of operations of the equity method investments follows: 

 November
 30, 2016 
 December
 31, 2015 
 
 Current assets 
 $ 114,300 
 $ 84,129 
 
 Vessels, net 
 1,389,684 
 1,448,489 
 
 Other assets 
 75,544 
 74,914 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 1,579,528 
 $ 1,607,532 

 Current liabilities 
 $ 148,567 
 $ 109,789 
 
 Long-term debt and other non-current liabilities 
 1,067,038 
 1,237,789 
 
 Equity 
 363,923 
 259,954 
 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 $ 1,579,528 
 $ 1,607,532 

 Eleven
 Months 
 Ending November 30, 2016 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 2015 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 2014 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 $ 225,852 
 $ 245,444 
 $ 241,303 
 
 Ship operating expenses 
 (100,761 ) 
 (112,029 ) 
 (116,612 ) 
 
 Income from vessel operations 
 125,091 
 133,415 
 124,691 
 
 Other (expense)/income 
 (1,217 ) 
 634 
 (1,735 ) 
 
 Interest expense 
 (39,472 ) 
 (47,106 ) 
 (51,024 ) 
 
 Net income 
 $ 84,402 
 $ 86,943 
 $ 71,932 

 74 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 6 -- VESSELS, DEFERRED DRYDOCK AND OTHER PROPERTY: 

 Vessels and other property consist of the following: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Vessels, at cost 
 $ 892,022 
 $ 1,156,117 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (208,318 ) 
 (313,392 ) 
 
 Vessels, net 
 683,704 
 842,725 

 Other property, at cost 
 5,619 
 14,600 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 (4,855 ) 
 (12,878 ) 
 
 Other property, net 
 764 
 1,722 

 Total Vessels and other property 
 $ 684,468 
 $ 844,447 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company's owned vessel fleet
with a weighted average age of 9.4 years, consisted of four Handysize Product Carriers, two lightering ATBs and eight clean ATBs.
Three Handysize Product Carriers and eight clean ATBs are pledged as collateral under the Exit Financing Facilities. Vessels pledged
as collateral under the Exit Financing Facilities have an aggregate carrying value of $344,450. 

 Vessel activity, excluding construction in progress, for the
three years ended December 31, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

 Accumulated 
 Net Book 

 Vessel Cost 
 Depreciation 
 Value 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2013 
 $ 1,142,451 
 $ (214,619 ) 
 $ 927,832 
 
 Vessel additions 
 13,613 
 - 

 Depreciation 
 - 
 (47,409 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2014 
 1,156,064 
 (262,028 ) 
 894,036 
 
 Vessel additions 
 53 
 - 

 Depreciation 
 - 
 (51,364 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 1,156,117 
 (313,392 ) 
 842,725 
 
 Impairment 
 (264,095 ) 
 163,563 

 Depreciation 
 - 
 (58,489 ) 

 Balance at December 31, 2016 
 $ 892,022 
 $ (208,318 ) 
 $ 683,704 

 The total of vessel additions will differ from expenditures
for vessels as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows because of the timing of when payments were made. 

 Vessel Impairments 

 The Company considered changes in circumstances that appeared
to be indicative of a continued weakening of the Jones Act crude oil transportation market during the quarter ended September
30, 2016. Such indicators included a decline in the number of Jones Act tank vessels transporting crude oil, which led to (i)
increased competition for clean cargoes and the idling of some Jones Act vessels; (ii) a sharp decrease in estimated spot rates
for Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs between July and September 2016; and (iii) a significant decline in forecasted near
term TCE rates reported by a leading third party industry analyst. These factors were viewed as an impairment trigger event for
the Company's eight rebuilt ATBs at September 30, 2016. In addition, given the uncertainty around how long the weak market
conditions discussed above could last taking into consideration the large number of newbuildings scheduled for delivery, management
believes it is more likely than not that some of the rebuilt ATBs will be laid-up, scrapped or disposed of before the end of their
estimated useful lives, which currently range between 2019 and 2020. The indicators discussed above were not considered to be
impairment triggering events for the other ATBs and tankers in the Company's fleet as these vessels (i) were fairly recently
built and do not face the same commercial obsolescence issues faced by the rebuilt ATBs, and (ii) are currently operating under
long-term charters or contracts of affreightment. 

 75 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In developing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for
performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, management made assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions
being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated
remaining useful lives of the vessels. The assumptions about the estimated remaining useful lives of the ATBs reflects management's
current belief that the Company would scrap these ATBs at the expiry of their current time charters. Based on tests performed,
the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for seven of the eight rebuilt ATBs were less than their September 30, 2016 carrying values.
Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $97,782 (including $3,873 recorded as a reduction in deferred drydock
costs) to write down the carrying values of the seven ATBs to their estimated fair values as of September 30, 2016, using estimates
of discounted future cash flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the
type of vessels owned by OSG is not considered to be robust. 

 During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company gave consideration
as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred since September 30, 2016 that could indicate that the carrying amounts
of the vessels in the Company's fleet may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that the decline in previously forecasted
cash flows on one of the seven ATBs discussed above, due to a change in its expected deployment, constituted an impairment trigger
event as of December 31, 2016. Based on the tests performed, an additional impairment charge of $6,623 was recorded in December
2016. 

 During the third quarter of 2015, in evaluating whether or
not certain events or circumstances existing at that time resulted in a triggering event for impairment testing of the fleet,
management gave consideration to various indicators of a weakening of the Jones Act crude oil transportation market that began
to materialize during the period. Such indicators included a decline in U.S crude oil production beginning in May 2015 following
a decrease in oil prices beginning in late 2014, which quickly led to steep cuts in drilling activity. The resulting decrease
in demand for the coastwise transportation of crude oil led to a decline in average daily spot rates for Jones Act tankers during
the nine-month period ending September 30, 2015 and the redeployment of several Jones Act vessels, including some of the Company's
vessels, from the crude oil transportation trade to the clean oil transportation trade. In addition, the decline in U.S. crude
oil production coupled with the large orderbook for Jones Act vessels scheduled for delivery through late 2017 increased uncertainty
around the likelihood of being able to renew or extend the time charters on the Company's fleet of eight rebuilt Jones Act
ATBs, which are currently scheduled to expire between the second quarters of 2016 and 2017. Management believed that if the weakness
identified in the market continued for a prolonged period of time, it would become increasingly difficult for the Company's
older ATBs to find employment at attractive rates that justify the expenditure required to put these vessels through their next
drydock special surveys. 

 Management concluded that the above indicators constituted
impairment triggering events for six of the eight vessels in the Company's fleet of rebuilt ATBs at September 30, 2015.
In addition, given the uncertainty around how long the weak market conditions discussed above could last, management determined
that it was more likely than not that the rebuilt ATBs will be scrapped before the end of their estimated useful lives, which
ranged from 2021 to 2028. The indicators discussed above were not considered to be impairment triggering events for the other
ATBs employed in lightering and shuttle tankers in the Company's fleet. 

 Management prepared undiscounted cash flows models, which utilized
weighted probabilities assigned to possible outcomes for the six rebuilt ATBs. In developing estimates of future cash flows, management
made assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses,
utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions
were based on historical trends as well as future expectations, with a significant probability assigned to the possibility that
the estimated remaining useful life of each ATB would end at its next drydock special survey date, as management believes it is
more likely than not that the Company would scrap these vessels rather than make the significant capital expenditure necessary
to comply with regulatory requirements. The estimated daily time charter equivalent rates used for days beyond the expiry of the
current time charters were based on internally forecasted rates that are consistent with forecasts provided to the Company's
senior management and Board of Directors, which took into consideration average annual rates published by a third party maritime
research service. The internally forecasted rates were based on management's evaluation of current economic data and trends
in the shipping and oil and gas industries. Recognizing that the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products is cyclical
and subject to significant volatility based on factors beyond the Company's control, management believes the use of estimates
based on the combination of internally forecasted rates and rates projected by an independent third party maritime research service
to be reasonable. Based on tests performed, the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for each of the six rebuilt ATBs were in excess
of their September 30, 2015 carrying values and no impairment was therefore recorded at that date. As of December 31, 2015, management
determined that there had been no significant changes in the facts and circumstances that existed at the end of September 30,
2015 that would warrant a change to the assumptions utilized in the undiscounted cash flows analysis on the six rebuilt ATBs prepared
at that date. Accordingly, no further analysis was performed as of December 31, 2015. 

 The Company also considered the need to test its fleet for
impairment as of December 31, 2014, but did not identify events or changes in circumstances that warranted impairment testing. 

 76 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Drydocking activity for the three years ended December 31,
2016 is summarized as follows: 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Balance at January 1 
 $ 58,166 
 $ 33,087 
 $ 21,195 
 
 Additions 
 2,626 
 45,046 
 25,740 
 
 Sub-total 
 60,792 
 78,133 
 46,935 
 
 Drydock amortization 
 (25,747 ) 
 (19,967 ) 
 (13,848 ) 
 
 Impairments 
 (3,873 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31 
 $ 31,172 
 $ 58,166 
 $ 33,087 

 NOTE 7 -- EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT: 

 Investment in affiliated company is comprised of the Company's
37.5% interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, which manages vessels carrying Alaskan crude for BP. In the first quarter of 1999,
OSG, BP, and Keystone Shipping Company formed Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ("ATC") to manage the vessels carrying Alaskan
crude oil for BP. ATC provides marine transportation services in the environmentally sensitive Alaskan crude oil trade. Each member
in ATC is entitled to receive its respective share of any incentive charter hire payable by BP to ATC. 

 A condensed summary of the assets and liabilities of
the equity method investment follows: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Current assets 
 $ 37,680 
 $ 48,331 
 
 Total assets 
 $ 37,680 
 $ 48,331 

 Current liabilities 
 $ 29,335 
 $ 40,468 
 
 Non-current liabilities 
 10,301 
 10,492 
 
 Equity/(deficiency) 
 (1,956 ) 
 (2,629 ) 
 
 Total liabilities and equity/(deficiency) 
 $ 37,680 
 $ 48,331 

 A condensed summary of the results of operations of the equity
method investments follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 $ 110,503 
 $ 126,331 
 $ 142,855 
 
 Ship operating expenses 
 (100,752 ) 
 (116,267 ) 
 (133,833 ) 
 
 Income from vessel operations 
 9,751 
 10,064 
 9,022 
 
 Net income 
 $ 9,751 
 $ 10,064 
 $ 9,022 

 77 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 8 -- INTANGIBLE ASSETS: 

 Intangible Assets 

 Intangible assets activity for three years ended December 31,
2016 is summarized as follows: 

 Total 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2014 
 $ 59,943 
 
 Amortization 
 (5,126 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2014 
 54,817 
 
 Amortization 
 (4,600 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 50,217 
 
 Amortization 
 (4,600 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2016 
 $ 45,617 

 As discussed in Note 3, "Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies," the Company's intangible assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015 consist of long-term customer relationships
acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The gross intangible assets were $92,000 at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Amortization of intangible assets for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2016 is expected to approximate $4,600 per year. 

 NOTE 9 -- DEBT: 

 Debt consists of the following: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 8.125% notes due 2018, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $1,406 and
 $3,514 
 $ 80,213 
 $ 115,450 
 
 OBS term loan, due 2019, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $11,102 and $19,340 
 444,186 
 574,615 
 
 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $8 and $9 
 293 
 292 
 
 7.50% notes due 2024 
 390 
 684 
 
 Total debt 
 525,082 
 691,041 
 
 Less current portion 
 - 
 56,755 
 
 Long-term portion 
 $ 525,082 
 $ 634,286 

 The weighted average interest rate for debt outstanding as
of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 5.75% and 5.79%, respectively. 

 Exit Financing Facilities 

 Capitalized terms used hereafter have the meaning given in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the respective transaction documents referred to below, including subsequent amendments
thereto. As discussed in Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy," on the Effective Date, to support
the Equity Plan, OSG and certain of its subsidiaries entered into secured debt facilities including: (i) a secured asset-based
revolving loan facility of $75,000, among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the "OBS ABL Facility"), secured by a first lien on
substantially all of the U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on certain other specified U.S. Flag assets;
and (ii) a secured term loan of $603,000, among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Jefferies Finance LLC ("Jefferies"),
as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto (the "OBS Term Loan"), secured by a first lien on certain
specified U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on substantially all of the other U.S. Flag assets of
OBS and its subsidiaries and collectively with the OBS ABL Facility and the OBS Term Loan, the "Exit Financing Facilities"),
among OSG, Jefferies, as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto. On August 5, 2014, the available amount under
the OBS Term Loan was drawn in full. As of December 31, 2016, no amounts had been drawn under the OBS revolving loan facility. 

 78 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The OBS Term Loan provides that OBS may request an increase
of the term loan commitment by an amount which may not exceed the greater of (i) $75,000 and (ii) an additional amount, if, after
giving effect to the increase of such additional amount on a Pro Forma Basis, OBS is in compliance with a stated ratio for the
Test Period most recently ended for which financial statements have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, provided that,
among other terms and conditions, (a) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur after giving effect to such
commitment increase and (b) immediately after giving effect to such increase, OBS shall be in compliance with the Loan to Value
Test. However, no individual Lender is obligated to increase the amount of their loan commitment thereunder. 

 The OBS ABL Facility provides that OBS may request an increase
of the revolving term loan commitments by up to $25,000, provided that among other terms and conditions, (a) no Default shall
have occurred and be continuing or would occur after giving effect to such commitment increase and (b) immediately before and
after giving effect to such increase, Suppressed Availability may not be less than $10,000. However, no individual Lender is obligated
to increase the amount of their loan commitment thereunder. 

 Interest on the Exit Financing Facilities is calculated, at
the Company's option, based upon (i) an alternate base rate ("ABR") plus the applicable margin or (ii) Adjusted
LIBOR plus the applicable margin. ABR is defined as the highest of (i) the Base Rate (the prime rate published in The Wall Street
Journal), (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50%, (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00% and (iv) 2.00%
per annum. The OBS ABL Facility applicable margin varies based upon undrawn availability under the commitment and is subject to
certain pricing adjustments. The OBS ABL Facility provides for quarterly payment of commitment fees at a rate of 0.50% for each
quarter during which the daily average Total Revolving Exposure is less than 50% of Total Revolving Commitments or 0.375% for
each quarter during which the daily average the Total Resolving Exposure is greater than or equal to 50% of Total Revolving Commitments. 

 The applicable margins and floor interest rates for each Exit
Financing Facility is as follows: 

 Facility 
 OBS ABL Facility 
 OBS Term Loan 
 
 Rate 
 ABR 
 LIBOR 
 ABR 
 LIBOR 
 
 Floor 
 None 
 None 
 2.00 % 
 1.00 % 
 
 Applicable Margin 
 1.25% - 1.75% 
 2.25% - 2.75% 
 3.25 % 
 4.25 % 

 The OBS Term Loan amortizes in equal quarterly
installments in aggregate annual amounts equal to 1% of the original principal amount of the loans, adjusted for mandatory pre-payments.
The OBS Term Loan Facility stipulates if annual aggregate net cash proceeds of asset sales exceed $5,000, net cash proceeds from
each such sale are required to be reinvested in fixed or capital assets within twelve months of such sale or be used to prepay
the principal balance outstanding of the respective facility. The OBS Term Loan is subject to additional mandatory annual prepayments
in an aggregate principal amount of up to 50% of Excess Cash Flow. Management determined that no prepayments will be required
for the OBS Term Loan Facility for 2017 because voluntary prepayments were made in 2016 in excess of the amounts that would otherwise
have been payable. 

 Drawdowns under the OBS ABL Facility are
subject to certain limitations based upon the available Borrowing Base, as described therein. The Exit Financing Facilities also
contain certain restrictions relating to new borrowings, and the movement of funds between OBS and OSG (as Parent Company), which
is not a borrower under the Exit Financing Facilities, as set forth in the respective loan agreements. The Parent Company's
ability to receive cash dividends, loans or advances from OBS is restricted under the Exit Financing Facilities. The Available
Amount for cash dividends, loans or advances to the Parent Company permitted under the OBS Term Loan was $0 as of December 31,
2016. As a result, all of the investments in affiliates and subsidiaries on the Parent Company's (separate company) balance
sheet as of December 31, 2016 were deemed to be restricted net assets. 

 The OBS ABL Facility matures on February
5, 2019. However, to the extent that any of the 8.125% notes due 2018 are outstanding on December 29, 2017, the maturity date
of the OBS ABL Facility will be December 29, 2017. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2015,
the Company paid fees aggregating $642 in connection with the amendments to the Exit Financing Facilities described above, that
were capitalized as deferred finance charges. (See Note 3, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional
information relating to deferred financing charges). 

 79 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Unsecured Senior Notes 

 The Company has the following separate series of unsecured
notes issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 8.125% Notes (the "8.125% Notes") 
These notes were issued on March 29, 2010 and consisted of $300,000 in face value, which were due on March 30, 2018. As of the
Effective Date, the 8.125% Notes were reinstated and contractual interest through the last missed coupon date was paid. The 8.125%
Notes (i) are the Company's general, unsecured obligations and rank equally and ratably in right of payment with its existing
and future unsecured senior indebtedness; (ii) may not be redeemed prior to their respective maturity dates; (iii) are subject
to repurchase upon certain changes of ownership or control (as further described below); (iv) are subject to certain covenants
and limitations, including that the Company may not, directly or indirectly, Incur, as such term (and all capitalized terms hereafter
in this paragraph) is defined within the applicable indenture, assume or suffer to exist any Mortgage on or with respect to any
property or assets, now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure any present or future Designated Debt without making effective
provision for securing the notes in certain circumstances; and (v) restrict the Company's ability to merge or consolidate
with another person. Upon a "Change of Control Triggering Event," which requires both a ''Change of Control''
and a ''Rating Decline," as such terms are defined within the 8.125% Notes indenture, we would be obligated
to make an offer to purchase all outstanding 8.125% Notes at a redemption price of 101% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued
and unpaid interest thereon to the date of purchase. Additionally, upon certain Events of Default, the Trustee or the Holders
of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 8.125% Notes may declare the entire unpaid principal of
and accrued interest on the 8.125% Notes to be due and payable immediately. 

 7.5% Notes (the "7.5% Notes") These
notes were issued on March 7, 2003 and consisted of $146,000 in face value, which were due on February 15, 2024. Pursuant to the
Equity Plan, on the Effective Date, the Company issued two series of 7.50% Notes due February 15, 2021, one series in an aggregate
principal amount of $6,508 (the "Election 1 Notes") and the other series in an aggregate principal amount of $138,708
(the "Election 2 Notes" and together with the Election 1 Notes, the "Election Notes") to holders of the
7.50% Notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes") that elected to receive Election 1 Notes or Election 2 Notes, as the case
may be. As discussed below, the outstanding Election 1 notes were repurchased and retired during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 The Election 2 Notes have substantially the same terms as the
2024 Notes, other than the (i) the maturity date and (ii) definitions and provisions related to a holder's right to require
the Company to repurchase such holder's Election 2 Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in the ownership or control
of OSG. Under the Third Supplemental indenture, such right is triggered only upon the occurrence of both, a Change of Control
and a Rating Decline (each as defined in the Third Supplemental Indenture). The Election 2 Notes (i) accrue interest at the rate
of 7.50% per annum from August 5, 2014, payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2015, to
holders of record on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1; (ii) are the Company's general, unsecured obligations
and rank equally and ratably in right of payment with its existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness; (iii) may not be
redeemed prior to their maturity dates; (iv) are subject to repurchase upon certain changes of ownership or control (the provisions
of which, as noted above, are different between the two series of notes); (v) are subject to certain covenants and limitations,
including that the Company may not, directly or indirectly, Incur as such term (and all capitalized terms hereafter in this paragraph)
are defined within the applicable indenture, assume or suffer to exist any Mortgage on or with respect to any property or assets,
now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure any present or future Designated Debt without making effective provision for securing
the notes in certain circumstances; and (vi) restrict the Company's ability to merge or consolidate with another person. 

 Debt Repurchases, Modifications and Extinguishments 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company made optional
and mandatory prepayments on its OBS Term Loan of $110,295 and open market repurchases of $27,000. The aggregate net loss of $525
realized on these transactions during the year ended December 31, 2016 is included in other (expense)/income in the consolidated
statements of operations. The net loss reflects a $3,940 write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing
costs associated with the principal reductions, which were treated as partial extinguishments. Third party legal and consulting
fees (aggregating approximately $77) incurred by the Company in relation to the open market repurchases are included in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

 In October 2015, the board of directors of the Company adopted
and approved resolutions relating to a consent solicitation (the "Consent Solicitation") and a tender offer (the "Tender
Offer"), whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase certain amounts of the Company's Unsecured Senior Notes.
In addition, the Company also solicited consents from registered holders of the Unsecured Senior Notes to approve certain amendments
to the applicable indenture governing such series of Unsecured Senior Notes. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company
repurchased and retired an aggregate principal amount of $294 of its 7.5% notes due 2024 and $37,345 of its 8.125% notes due 2018.
The aggregate loss of $2,463 realized on these transactions during the year ended December 31, 2016, is included in (expense)/other
income in the consolidated statements of operations. The net loss reflects a $784 write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs
associated with the repurchased debt. 

 80 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The following table summarizes the aggregate principal amount
of the Company's Unsecured Senior Notes that were repurchased and retired during the year ended December 31, 2015: 

 Unsecured Senior Note Series 
 Face Amount Repurchased 

 Open market 
 Tender offers and consent solicitations 
 Total 
 
 8.125% notes due 2018 
 $ 61,849 
 $ 119,187 
 $ 181,036 
 
 7.50% Election 1 notes due 2021 
 3,000 
 3,508 
 6,508 
 
 7.50% Election 2 notes due 2021 
 36,143 
 102,262 
 138,405 
 
 7.50% notes due 2024 
 100 
 2 
 102 

 $ 101,092 
 $ 224,959 
 $ 326,051 

 The aggregate net loss of $26,516 realized on these transactions
during the year ended December 31, 2015 is included in other (expense)/income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

 In conjunction with the above tender offers and consent solicitations,
the Company incurred and paid consent fees totaling $10,326. Approximately $3,578 of such amount relates to Unsecured Senior Notes
that were not repurchased. Such costs have been deferred and will be amortized over the remaining term of the applicable Unsecured
Senior Note series. Third party legal and consulting fees (aggregating approximately $3,099) incurred by the Company in relation
to these transactions are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 The following table summarizes interest expense, including
amortization of issuance and deferred financing costs, commitment, administrative and other fees, recognized during the three
years ended December 31, 2016 with respect to the Company's debt facilities: 

 Debt facility 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014
 (3) 

 8.125% notes due 2018 
 $ 10,200 
 $ 22,779 
 $ 66,199 
 
 OBS Facilities, due 2019 
 32,460 
 37,666 
 15,282 
 
 7.50% notes due 2021-2024 
 121 
 9,890 
 29,661 
 
 Other contractual post-petition
 interest and rejected executory contracts (1) 
 - 
 - 
 78,816 
 
 8.75%
 Debentures due 2013 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 10,540 
 
 Total Expense on Debt Facilities 
 $ 42,781 
 $ 70,335 
 $ 200,498 

 (1) Represents contractual post-petition interest from the Petition
 Date through the effective date of the Equity Plan on allowed claims associated with
 our pre-reorganized OSG loan agreements (excluding reinstated Unsecured Senior Notes)
 and certain rejected executory contracts. Accordingly, interest for 2014 is not completely
 comparable to 2016 and 2015. 

 (2) The Company repaid the principal outstanding for these Pre-reorganized
 OSG loan facilities on the Effective Date. 

 (3) The amounts recognized during the year ended December 31,
 2014 reflect interest expense (including default interest as applicable) and reorganization
 items relating to default interest and changes in estimates of allowed claims as applicable
 pursuant to the Equity Plan. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the aggregate annual principal payments
required to be made on debt are as follows: 

 2017 
 $ - 
 
 2018 
 81,619 
 
 2019 
 455,288 
 
 2020 
 - 
 
 2021 
 301 
 
 Thereafter 
 390 

 $ 537,598 

 Interest paid, amounted to $37,875 in 2016, $72,344 in 2015
and $193,210 in 2014. 

 81 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 10 -- FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, DERIVATIVES
AND FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES: 

 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate
the fair value of each class of financial instrument. 

 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash-- 
The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for interest-bearing deposits approximate their fair value. 

 Debt-- The fair values of the Company's publicly
traded and non-public debt are estimated based on quoted market prices. 

 Interest rate swaps and caps-- The fair values
of interest rate swaps and caps are the estimated amounts that the Company would receive or pay to terminate the swaps or caps
at the reporting date, which include adjustments for the counterparty or the Company's credit risk, as appropriate, after
taking into consideration any underlying collateral securing the swap or cap agreements. 

 ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , relating
to fair value measurements, defines fair value and established a framework for measuring fair value. The ASC 820 fair value hierarchy
distinguishes between market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting
entity and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information
available in the circumstances. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, essentially an exit price. In addition,
the fair value of assets and liabilities should include consideration of non-performance risk, which for the liabilities described
below includes the Company's own credit risk. 

 The levels of the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820
are as follows: 

 Level 1--Quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities 

 Level 2--Quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable 

 Level 3--Inputs that are unobservable (for example
cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) 

 The estimated fair values of the Company's financial
instruments, other than derivatives that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, categorized based upon the fair
value hierarchy, at December 31, 2016 and 2015, are as follows: 

 Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 
 December 31, 2016: 

 Cash (1) 
 $ 206,933 
 $ 206,933 
 $ - 
 
 8.125% notes due 2018 
 (84,935 ) 
 - 
 (84,935 ) 
 
 OBS Term loan due 2019 
 (442,199 ) 
 - 
 (442,199 ) 
 
 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021 
 (303 ) 
 - 
 (303 ) 
 
 7.5% notes due 2024 
 (392 ) 
 - 
 (392 ) 

 December 31, 2015: 

 Cash (1) 
 $ 204,561 
 $ 204,561 
 $ - 
 
 8.125% notes due 2018 
 (121,046 ) 
 - 
 (121,046 ) 
 
 OBS Term loan due 2019 
 (571,682 ) 
 - 
 (571,682 ) 
 
 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021 
 (328 ) 
 - 
 (328 ) 
 
 7.5% notes due 2024 
 (745 ) 
 - 
 (745 ) 

 (1) Includes current and non-current restricted
cash aggregating $15,844 and $10,583 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 Derivatives 

 Interest Rate Risk 

 The Company manages its exposure to interest rate volatility
risks by using interest rate caps and swap derivative instruments. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, OBS was party to an
interest rate cap agreement ("Interest Rate Cap") with a start date of February 15, 2015 with a major financial institution
covering a notional amount of $375,000 to limit the floating interest rate exposure associated with the OBS Term Loan. The interest
rate cap was designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge. The agreement contains no leverage features. The Interest Rate Cap
has a cap rate of 2.5% through February 5, 2017, at which time the cap rate increases to 3.0% through the termination date of
February 5, 2018. 

 82 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Tabular disclosure of derivatives location 

 Derivatives are recorded in the balance sheet on a net basis
by counterparty when a legal right of offset exists. The following tables present information with respect to the fair values
of derivatives reflected in the December 31, 2016 and 2015 balance sheets on a gross basis by transaction: 

 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments: 

 Asset Derivatives 
 Liability Derivatives 

 Balance Sheet Location 
 Amount 
 Balance Sheet Location 
 Amount 
 
 December 31, 2016: 

 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

 Interest rate caps: 

 Long-term portion 
 Other assets 
 $ 2 
 Other liabilities 
 $ - 
 
 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 
 $ 2 
 
 $ - 

 December 31, 2015: 

 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

 Interest rate caps: 

 Long-term portion 
 Other assets 
 $ 99 
 Other liabilities 
 $ - 

 Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 3 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 - 
 
 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 
 $ 102 
 
 $ - 

 The following tables present information with respect to gains
and losses on derivative positions reflected in the consolidated statements of operations or in the consolidated statements of
other comprehensive income/(loss). 

 The effect of cash flow hedging relationships recognized in
other comprehensive income/(loss) excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (effective portion),
including hedges of equity method investees, for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 follows: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Interest rate cap of continuing operations 
 $ (97 ) 
 $ (1,537 ) 
 $ (306 ) 
 
 Interest rate cap of discontinued operations 
 (3 ) 
 (472 ) 
 (172 ) 
 
 Interest rate swaps of discontinued operations 
 (5,794 ) 
 (9,721 ) 
 (21,487 ) 
 
 Total 
 $ (5,894 ) 
 $ (11,730 ) 
 $ (21,965 ) 

 The effect of cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated
statements of operations is presented excluding hedges of equity method investees. The effect of the Company's cash flow
hedging relationships on the consolidated statement of operations for the years ended 2016 and 2015 is shown below: 

 83 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Statement of Operations 

 Effective Portion of Gain/(Loss) 

 Reclassified from 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

 Loss 
 Ineffective Portion 

 Amount of 
 
 Amount of 

 Location 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 Location 
 Gain/(Loss) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2016: 

 Interest rate caps 
 Interest expense 
 $ (339 ) 
 Interest expense 
 $ - 

 Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 
 (408 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 $ (747 ) 
 
 $ - 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015: 

 Interest rate caps 
 Interest expense 
 $ (1 ) 
 Interest expense 
 $ - 

 Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 
 (2 ) 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 $ (3 ) 
 
 $ - 

 See Note 15, "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss,"
for disclosures relating to the impact of derivative instruments on accumulated other comprehensive loss. 

 Fair Value Hierarchy 

 The following table presents the fair values, which are pre-tax,
for assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis (excluding investments in affiliated companies): 

 Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 
 Assets/(Liabilities) at December 31, 2016: 

 Derivative assets (interest rate cap) 
 $ 2 
 $ - 
 $ 2 (1) 

 Assets/(Liabilities) at December 31, 2015: 

 Derivative assets (interest rate cap) 
 $ 99 
 $ - 
 $ 99 (1) 
 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations (interest rate cap) 
 $ 3 
 $ - 
 $ 3 (1) 

 (1) For interest rate caps, fair values are derived using
 valuation models that utilize the income valuation approach. These valuation models take
 into account contract terms such as maturity, as well as other inputs such as interest
 rate yield curves and creditworthiness of the counterparty and the Company. 

 The following table summarizes the fair values of vessels for
which an impairment charge was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2016: 

 Description 
 Fair Value 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total Impairment Charges 
 
 Impairment
 - Vessels held and used (1)(2) 
 $ 76,397 
 $ - 
 $ 76,397 
 $ (104,405 ) 

 (1) Aggregate pre-tax impairment charges of $97,782 related
 to seven ATBs and $6,623 related to one ATB were recorded during the three-month periods
 ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, respectively. 

 (2) The fair value measurements of $70,884 at September
 30, 2016 and $5,513 at December 31, 2016, used to determine the impairment for the ATBs
 held and used were based on the income approach, which utilized cash flow projections
 consistent with the most recent projections of the Company, and a discount rate equivalent
 to a market participant's weighted average cost of capital. Because the Company uses
 its own cash flow projections, the cash flow projections are considered to be Level 3. 

 84 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 11 -- ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER
CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

 At December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Accounts payable 
 $ 2,538 
 $ 2,588 
 
 Payroll and benefits 
 24,683 
 21,226 
 
 Interest 
 5,456 
 7,516 
 
 Due to owners on chartered in vessels 
 989 
 609 
 
 Accrued drydock and repair costs 
 62 
 3,980 
 
 Bunkers and lubricants 
 1,317 
 199 
 
 Charter revenues received in advance 
 9,579 
 9,516 
 
 Insurance 
 702 
 705 
 
 Accrued vessel expenses 
 1,575 
 1,879 
 
 Accrued general and administrative, primarily professional fees 
 3,290 
 5,457 
 
 Bankruptcy claims accrual 
 5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Other 
 2,031 
 1,775 

 $ 57,222 
 $ 60,450 

 NOTE 12 --TAXES: 

 As described in Note 5, INSW has been classified as discontinued
operations and as a result the net deferred tax assets and income tax (provision)/benefit of INSW are not included in the below
disclosures. 

 The benefit/(provision) for income taxes on the (loss)/income
from continuing operations before income taxes consists of the following: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Current 
 $ (2,296 ) 
 $ 31,468 
 $ 33,120 
 
 Deferred 
 67,394 
 69,564 
 82,432 

 $ 65,098 
 $ 101,032 
 $ 115,552 

 The income tax benefits are primarily attributable to U.S.
federal and state income taxes and include the impact of unrecognized tax benefits. 

 The significant components of the Company's deferred
tax liabilities and assets follow: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

 Vessels and other property 
 $ 227,846 
 $ 279,338 
 
 Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
 - 
 48,856 
 
 Prepaid expenditures 
 13,553 
 23,603 
 
 Other--net 
 885 
 1,422 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 242,284 
 353,219 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

 Loss carryforwards 
 88,370 
 147,227 
 
 Employee compensation and benefit plans 
 12,232 
 13,186 
 
 Financing and professional fees 
 977 
 1,777 
 
 Accrued expenses and other 
 5,873 
 8,719 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 107,452 
 170,909 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 6,625 
 25,885 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 100,827 
 145,024 
 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 
 $ 141,457 
 $ 208,195 

 85 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had U.S. federal net operating
loss carryforwards of $308,289 which are available to reduce future taxes, if any. The federal net operating loss carryforwards
begin to expire in 2034. Additionally, as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had U.S. state net operating
loss carryforwards of $292,233 and $549,042, respectively. The reduction in net operating losses results primarily from the change
in state filing requirements resulting from the spin-off transaction. These U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards expire
in various years ending from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2036. The amount of net operating loss carryforwards reflected
in this paragraph are presented on a tax return basis and differ from the amounts in the deferred tax table above, which reflect
the future tax benefit of the losses and are reflected net of unrecognized tax benefits. 

 In connection with the emergence from bankruptcy, under applicable
tax regulations, the Company underwent an ownership change. As a result, there is an annual limitation on the use of pre-ownership
change net operating losses, tax credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned after the ownership
change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company's
stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation
for prior years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. The Company does not believe that the limitations
imposed will impact its ability to utilize any pre ownership change net operating losses before the carryforward period expires
but could cause the timing of utilization to be impacted. 

 The Company assessed all available positive and negative evidence
to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of existing deferred tax assets. For U.S.
federal deferred tax assets, the Company concluded that sufficient positive evidence existed, primarily the result of reversing
deferred tax liabilities during the carryover period. However, for certain state deferred tax assets, the negative evidence in
the form of cumulative losses incurred over the preceding three-year period and lack of positive evidence of reversing deferred
tax liabilities during the carryover period resulted in the Company establishing a valuation allowance of $6,625 and $25,885 as
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than
not to be realized. The valuation allowance decreased by $19,260 during 2016 largely due to a change in state apportionment factors.
The valuation allowance increased by $21,575 and $477 in 2015 and 2014, respectively, as a result of additional losses generated
in each year. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company paid (net of refunds received) $833, $(53,799) and $266,867, respectively, of income taxes of which $270,465 related to
the settlement with the IRS in 2014, as part of the confirmation of the Equity Plan, closing the 2004 through 2012 tax years.
During the quarter ending December 31, 2015, the Company filed a refund claim with the IRS and received $54,884 related to the
carryback of its 2014 net operating loss to 2012 and 2013. 

 Reconciliations of the effective income tax rate attributable
to pretax results and the U.S. Federal statutory income tax rate follow: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 
 35.0 % 
 35.0 % 
 35.0 % 

 Adjustments due to: 

 State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 (1.5 )% 
 (1.3 )% 
 0.6 % 
 
 Interest on unrecognized tax benefits 
 1.8 % 
 (0.5 )% 
 (3.5 )% 
 
 Nondeductible reorganization costs 
 (9.0 )% 
 (30.8 )% 
 (8.8 )% 
 
 Foreign income and repatriations taxed in the U.S. 
 - % 
 - % 
 (1.0 )% 
 
 Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
 73.5 % 
 (237.5 )% 
 21.5 % 
 
 Deferred compensation 
 (1.7 )% 
 - % 
 (1.9 )% 
 
 Tax examination settlement 
 - % 
 - % 
 2.0 % 
 
 Payments as guarantor 
 - % 
 726.0 % 
 - % 
 
 U.S. income subject to tonnage tax 
 1.4 % 
 3.0 % 
 0.9 % 
 
 Other 
 (1.1 )% 
 (0.2 )% 
 - % 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 98.4 % 
 493.7 % 
 44.8 % 

 86 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts
of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and penalties): 

 2016 
 2015 
 
 Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 1, 
 $ 36,535 
 $ 215,328 
 
 Increases for positions taken in prior years 
 136 
 358 
 
 Decreases for positions taken in prior years 
 - 
 (179,151 ) 
 
 Increases for positions related to the current year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amounts of decreases related to settlements 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reductions due to lapse of statutes of limitations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 
 $ 36,671 
 $ 36,535 

 Included in the balances of unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015 are $36,077 and $35,989, respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective
tax rate. 

 The Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized
tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related liability for unrecognized
tax benefit line in the consolidated balance sheet. Related to the unrecognized tax benefits noted above, the Company recorded
additional interest of $58 during the year ended December 31, 2016, and as of December 31, 2016, recognized a liability for interest
of $760. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded additional interest of $168, primarily as a result of post-petition
interest due to the IRS, and as of December 31, 2015, had recognized a liability for interest of $702. 

 In January 2015, the Company requested that the Internal Revenue
Service ("IRS") review under its Pre-Filing Agreement Program the deductibility of certain payments made by OSG in
2014, in the aggregate amount of $477,835, in its capacity as guarantor of the obligations of subsidiaries of INSW under certain
loan agreements. In connection with these payments, the Company had established an unrecognized tax benefit equal to the full
amount of such benefits, or $179,151 as of December 31, 2014. On September 4, 2015, the Company received an executed closing agreement
from the IRS, which allowed a deduction of $424,523. As a result of the closing agreement, the Company reduced its reserve for
uncertain tax positions by $179,151, recognized an income tax benefit of $150,073 and reduced its deferred tax asset for net operating
loss carryforwards by $29,078 during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

 As a result of the aforementioned closing agreement, OSG's
investment in INSW for financial reporting purposes exceeded its tax basis. As of December 31, 2015, management did not believe
that it could make an assertion that OSG's investment in INSW was essentially permanent in duration. Accordingly, the Company
recognized a deferred tax liability and tax provision of $48,856 for the year ended December 31, 2015 on the undistributed earnings
of its foreign operations, aggregating approximately $138,881, arising principally from companies domiciled in the Marshall Islands.
On November 30, 2016, the Company completed the spin-off of INSW and as a result the deferred tax liability of $48,856 was reversed.
In addition, as the spin-off resulted in a non-deductible taxable loss on the Company's investment in INSW, no current benefit
was recorded. 

 After taking into consideration tax attributes, such as net
operating loss carryforwards and interest, the Company's unrecognized tax benefits represent a noncurrent reserve for uncertain
tax positions of $3,129 and $2,520 as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 The Company is currently undergoing an examination by the IRS
of its 2012 through 2015 tax returns. 

 NOTE 13 -- RELATED PARTIES : 

 Transition Services Agreement and Other Spin-off related
activity 

 OSG expects to earn fees totaling $156 for services provided
to INSW pursuant to the terms of the Transition Services Agreement, over the six-month term of the TSA. Approximately $31 of such
fees were earned as of December 31, 2016. OSG also expects to incur fees totaling $79 during the term of the TSA for services
received from INSW. Approximately $27 of such fees were incurred as of December 31, 2016. 

 The outstanding amounts related to the transactions between
OSG and INSW were as follows: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Receivable from INSW 
 $ 683 
 $ - 

 87 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Receivables due from INSW as of December 31, 2016 are primarily
in relation to the Transition Services Agreement and amounts owed pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, as described
in Note 5, "Discontinued Operations." 

 In connection with the Distribution, payments were made to
or received from INSW totaling $1,969 and $9,857, respectively, for the settlement of allocated one-time separation costs, the
transfer of assets and liabilities between OSG and INSW and amounts due for costs allocated pursuant to the Shared Services
and Cost Sharing Agreement and the Cost Sharing Agreement by and among, OSG, INSW and OBS, that was in effect
during the eleven months ended November 30, 2016. 

 Guarantees 

 INSW has equity interests in an FSO joint venture (the "FSO
Joint Venture") and an LNG joint venture (the "LNG Joint Venture"). The FSO Joint Venture is party to a number
of contracts to which OSG serves as guarantor: (a) the FSO Joint Venture is the borrower pursuant to a loan agreement, as amended
and restated, with OSG and Euronav, each as guarantors, certain other parties thereto and ING Bank N.V. as agent and security
trustee (the ''Loan Agreement''); (b) the FSO Joint Venture is an obligor pursuant to a guarantee facility
agreement, by and among, the FSO Joint Venture, those banks and financial institutions listed therein, Nordea Bank Finland PLC,
as issuing bank, Nordea Bank Norge ASA as agent and ING Bank N.V. as Security Trustee (the ''Guarantee Facility'');
and (c) the FSO Joint Venture is party to two service contracts with Maersk Oil Qatar AS (the ''MOQ Service Contracts''). 

 In connection with the Distribution on November 30, 2016, appropriate
consents were obtained and INSW now also guarantees the obligations of the FSO Joint Venture pursuant to the Loan Agreement and
the Guarantee Facility (together, the ''ING and Nordea Guarantees'') and guarantees the obligations of
the FSO Joint Venture pursuant to the MOQ Service Contracts (the ''MOQ Guarantee,'' together with the
ING and Nordea Guarantees, the ''INSW FSO Guarantees''). OSG will continue to guarantee the obligations
of the FSO Joint Venture pursuant to the Loan Agreement and the Guarantee Facility (together, the ''OSG FSO Guarantees'').
 As of December 31, 2016, the maximum potential
amount of future principal payments (undiscounted) that OSG could be required to make relating to such equity method investees
secured bank debt and interest rate swaps was $38,789 and the carrying amount of the liability related to this guarantee was $0. 

 INSW entered into guarantee arrangements in connection with
the spin-off on November 30, 2016, in favor of Qatar Liquefied Gas Company Limited (2) (''LNG Charterer'')
and relating to certain LNG Tanker Time Charter Party Agreements with the LNG Charterer and each of Overseas LNG H1 Corporation,
Overseas LNG H2 Corporation, Overseas LNG S1 Corporation and Overseas LNG S2 Corporation (such agreements, the ''LNG
Charter Party Agreements,'' and such guarantees, collectively, the ''LNG Performance Guarantees'').
OSG will continue to provide a guarantee in favor of the LNG Charterer relating to the LNG Charter Party Agreements (such guarantees,
the ''OSG LNG Performance Guarantees'' and collectively, with the OSG FSO Guarantees the ''Continuing
OSG Guarantees''). 

 In connection with the Continuing OSG Guarantees, INSW will
pay a fee of $125 per year to OSG, which is subject to escalation after 2017 and will be terminated if OSG ceases to provide the
OSG LNG Performance Guarantees. INSW will indemnify OSG for liabilities arising from the Continuing OSG Guarantees pursuant to
the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement. 

 NOTE 14 -- CAPITAL STOCK AND STOCK COMPENSATION: 

 Change in Capital Structure 

 See Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"
for information relating to the Equity Plan and Rights Offering. After its emergence from Bankruptcy, the Company had two classes
of common stock whereby the holders of our common stock were entitled to one vote per share, and holders of the Class A common
stock and Class B common stock were entitled to vote together as a class, on any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders,
other than as described below. 

 Each Class A warrant represents the right to purchase one
share of Class A common stock, subject in each case to the adjustments as provided pursuant to the terms thereof
(see discussion relating to the reverse 1 for 6 split and the discussion under Dividends below). The Warrants may be
exercised at a price per share of Class A common stock, as applicable, of $0.01, which shall be paid pursuant to a cashless
exercise procedure. Warrants may be exercised at any time or from time to time on or before August 5, 2039, and will expire
thereafter. Until they exercise their Warrants, except as otherwise provided in the Warrants, the holders of the Warrants
will not have the rights or privileges of holders of the Company's common stock, including any voting rights. Warrants
may only be exercised by holders who establish to OSG's reasonable satisfaction that they or the person designated to receive
the shares is a U.S. person or to the extent shares deliverable upon exercise would not constitute Non-Complying Shares (as
defined in OSG's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). As of December 31, 2016, the Company had 90,576,371
Class A warrants outstanding, convertible into 17,209,510 shares of Class A common stock. 

 88 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Our Class B common stock carried an entitlement to distribution
of a percentage of the proceeds from the malpractice lawsuit against Proskauer Rose LLP ("Proskauer") and four of
its partners, net of related out-of-pocket expenses incurred by us, including legal fees, all reasonable and documented costs
and expenses incurred and all payments made or to be made by us in respect of certain counterclaims or pursuant to indemnification
obligations, as determined by our Board of Directors ("the Board") in good faith (such net amount, the "Net
Litigation Recovery"). The aggregate amount of the Net Litigation Recovery that was distributed to holders of the Class
B common stock as of the relevant record date (the "Aggregate Available Distribution") was an amount equal to the
product of the Net Litigation Recovery multiplied by 0.1. The holders of record of Class B common stock on the relevant record
date were entitled to receive, in respect of each share of Class B common stock held by such holder, a pro rata portion of the
Aggregate Available Distribution calculated as a fraction thereof, the numerator of which was one and the denominator of which
was 7,926,805 (unadjusted for subsequent reverse stock split as this was a fixed calculation at a point in time). 

 On May 13, 2016, all holders of Class B common stock and Class
B warrants as of May 9, 2016 received a distribution from the Company representing their pro-rata share of the Net Litigation
Recovery. On May 27, 2016, pursuant to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and the warrant
agreement governing the Class B warrants, each Class B common share and Class B warrant automatically converted to a Class A common
share and Class A warrant, respectively. 

 On June 2, 2016, the Board authorized the Company to take action
to transfer the listing of its Class A common stock to the New York Stock Exchange from the NYSE MKT (the "Transfer").
In conjunction with the Transfer, the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of
the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, par value $0.01 per share. On June 7, 2016,
the Company filed the Reverse Split Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Reverse Split Amendment
became effective on June 13, 2016. As previously reported, the Company's stockholders approved the filing of the Reverse
Split Amendment at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders held on June 9, 2015. The Transfer was approved by the New
York Stock Exchange on June 23, 2016. In order to account for the impact of the reverse stock split, holders of the Company's
outstanding Class A warrants will receive, upon exercise, 0.190 shares of Class A common stock per warrant exercised. 

 Unless otherwise noted, all of the share and per share information
below has been recast to reflect the impact of the reverse stock split. 

 On November 30, 2016 the Company completed the separation of
its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. On the Distribution Date, each holder
of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW's common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record
Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of INSW's common stock for every one share of OSG common stock
they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution . 

 Ownership Restrictions 

 In order to preserve the status of OSG as a Jones Act company,
the percentage of each class of its common stock that may be owned by non-U.S. citizens is limited. In addition, the Company has
established policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the Jones Act. In order to provide a reasonable margin for compliance
with the Jones Act, our board of directors has determined that until further action by our board of directors, at least 77% of
the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company must be owned by U.S. Citizens. At and during such time that
the limit is reached with respect to shares of Class A common stock as applicable, we will be unable to issue any further shares
of such class of common stock or approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. Citizens until the holdings of non-U.S.
Citizens falls below the maximum percentage allowable. 

 Dividends 

 On November 20, 2015, the Company's Board approved a
stock dividend of Class A common stock, whereby on December 17, 2015, all shareholders of record of the Company's Class
A and B common stock as of December 3, 2015 (the "record date"), received a dividend of one-tenth of one share of
Class A common stock for each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by them as of the record date. In conjunction
with the announcement of the stock dividend, the Company applied for and was granted permission to list the Class A common stock
shares that were issued as a part of the dividend on the NYSE MKT. Holders of the Company's outstanding Class A and Class
B warrants were entitled to receive, upon exercise, 0.1 additional shares of Class A common stock per warrant exercised, in order
to account for the dilutive impact of the stock dividend. 

 On February 29, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors
declared a cash dividend of $0.08 per share of common stock payable prior to the end of March 2016. In addition, in connection
with the cash dividend, in accordance with the terms of the outstanding warrants for OSG's Class A and Class B common stock,
those warrants were automatically adjusted so that exercising holders received additional shares of Class A common stock reflecting
the payment of the cash dividend. 

 89 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Registration Rights Agreement 

 On May 2, 2014, the Debtors entered into a registration rights
agreement with each Commitment Party (as subsequently amended, the "Registration Rights Agreement"). On May 26, 2014,
the Debtors and each of the Commitment Parties entered into an amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement which added, as
parties to the Registration Rights Agreement, all Commitment Parties that were not Initial Commitment Parties. Pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement, we are required to register, on a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC"), the resale of certain shares of Class A common stock and Class A warrants for the benefit of the
Commitment Parties and potentially certain other shareholders. 

 Under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the selling
securityholders are provided with certain demand registration rights subject to certain conditions and limitations. At any time
and from time to time after a shelf registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC, any one or more of the selling
securityholders may request to sell all or any portion of their Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) in an underwritten offering, provided that the total offering price of the securities to be offered in such offering
is reasonably expected to exceed, in the aggregate (i) in the case of a demand by at least one selling securityholder that is
an "affiliate" (within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act), $25 million or (ii) in all other cases,
$75 million. 

 Share and Warrant Repurchases 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company repurchased
106,350 shares of its Class A common stock in open-market purchases on the NYSE MKT at an average price of $12.23 per share, for
a total cost of $1,301. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased 55,306,351 and
1,219,202 Class A warrants, respectively, in private transactions with non-affiliates at an average per share equivalent cost
of $11.31 and $16.25, respectively, for a total cost of $118,041 and $3,633, respectively. 

 In connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in
January, March, April and September 2016, the Company repurchased 25,885 shares of Class A common stock at an average cost of
$14.06 per share (based on the market prices on the dates of vesting) from certain members of management to cover withholding
taxes. 

 Warrant Conversions 

 During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company issued 8,247,648, 3,277,309 and 0 shares of Class A common stock, respectively, and 7,833, 396,025 and 106,669 shares
of Class B common stock, respectively, as a result of the exercise of 43,835,170, 19,688,119 and 0 Class A warrants, respectively,
and 46,997, 2,381,811, and 641,138 Class B warrants, respectively. 

 Management Incentive Compensation Plan and Non-Employee
Director Incentive Compensation Plan 

 On September 23, 2014, the Committee approved the Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Management Plan") and the Overseas Shipholding
Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Director Plan" and together with the Management
Plan, the "Incentive Plans"). 

 The Incentive Plans described below contain anti-dilution
provisions whereby in the event of any change in the capitalization of the Company, the number and type of securities
underlying outstanding share based payment awards must be adjusted, as appropriate, in order to prevent dilution or
enlargement of rights. The impact of these provisions resulted in a modification of all outstanding share based
payment awards upon the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin-off transactions described above. As the fair value of
the awards immediately after the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin off transactions, did not increase when
compared to the fair value of such awards immediately prior to such transactions, no incremental compensation costs were
recognized as a result of such modifications. Pursuant to the Employee Matters Agreement described in Note 5,
"Discontinued Operations," and below, unvested share based payment awards of OSG employees that transitioned to
INSW were assumed by INSW and converted into equivalent awards of INSW's equity. 

 The purpose of the Incentive Plans is to promote the interests
of the Company and its shareholders by providing certain employees and members of the Board, who are largely responsible for the
management, growth and protection of the business of the Company, with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in
the service of the Company. The Incentive Plans permit the Committee to grant to eligible employees and directors of the Company,
as applicable, any of the following types of awards (or any combination thereof): cash incentive awards, nonqualified stock options,
incentive stock options and other stock-based awards, including, without limitation, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock,
restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, deferred share units and share-denominated performance units. Subject
to adjustment, the maximum number of shares of the Company's Class A common stock authorized for issuance is 6,783,333 shares
under the Management Plan and 550,000 shares under the Director Plan. 

 90 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 On September 23, 2014, the Committee also approved two forms
of Stock Option Grant Agreements and two forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreements, each for use under the Management Plan
(each a "Form of Grant Agreement"). Each Form of Grant Agreement provides for the grant of time-vested awards, which
vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date, subject to the recipient of the award remaining
employed with the Company on each such date. 

 OSG shareholders approved the Incentive Plans on June 9, 2015. 

 Stock Compensation 

 The Company accounts for stock compensation expense in accordance
with the fair value based method required by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Such fair value based method
requires share based payment transactions to be measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. 

 Director Compensation - Restricted Common Stock 

 The Company awarded a total of 74,201, 54,881 and 54,166 restricted
Class A common stock shares during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, to its non-employee directors.
The weighted average fair value of the Company's stock on the measurement date of such awards was $11.64 (2016) $18.87 (2015)
and $18.00 (2014) per share. Such restricted shares awards generally vest in full at the first anniversary of the grant date,
subject to each director continuing to provide services to the Company through such date. The shares granted may not be transferred,
pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered prior to vesting. Prior to the vesting date, a holder of restricted shares has all the
rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect
to such shares at the same time as common shareholders generally. 

 On March 3, 2015, Mr. John J. Ray, III resigned from the Board.
Pursuant to a waiver letter agreement entered into by the Company and Mr. Ray in connection with his resignation, 5,380 shares
of the 9,722 shares originally granted to Mr. Ray, relating to his period of service as a director, vested on March 3, 2015. The
balance of his restricted stock awards (4,342 shares) was forfeited and cancelled. The incremental compensation expense recognized
as a result of the difference between the grant date fair value of the vested shares and estimated fair value of the Company's
Class A common stock on March 3, 2015 was approximately $8. 

 On August 3, 2015, Mr. Alexander Greene and Mr. Nikolaus Semaca
resigned from the Board. Pursuant to waiver letter agreements entered into between the Company and each of such former directors
in connection with their resignations, a total of 20,829 shares originally granted these directors vested in full on August 7,
2015. The incremental compensation expense recognized as a result of the accelerated vesting and the difference between the grant
date fair value of the vested shares and the estimated fair value of the Company's Class A common stock on August 7, 2015
was approximately $189. The Company also entered into consulting agreements with each of Messrs. Greene and Semaca for the provision
of advisory services as requested from time to time at the discretion of the Chairman of the Board. During the consulting period
which terminated on June 30, 2016, Messrs. Greene and Semaca each received a quarterly fee of approximately $37. 

 Management Compensation 

 (i) Restricted Stock Units 

 During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company awarded 381,922, 280,545 and 35,997 time-based
restricted stock units ("RSUs") to certain of its employees, including senior officers. The average grant date fair
value of these awards was $9.93 (2016), $18.65 (2015) and $19.91 (2014), per RSU. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive
one share of Class A common stock upon vesting. Each award of RSUs will vest in equal installments on each of the first three
anniversaries of the grant date. RSUs may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered until they are settled.
Settlement of vested RSUs may be in either shares of Class A common stock or cash, as determined at the discretion of the Human
Resources and Compensation Committee, and shall occur as soon as practicable after the vesting date. If the RSUs are settled in
shares of common stock, following the settlement of such shares, the grantee will be the record owner of the shares of Class A
common stock and will have all the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right
to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares of Class A common stock. RSUs which have not become vested as of the date
of a grantee's termination from the Company will be forfeited without the payment of any consideration, unless otherwise
provided for. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company awarded
119,853 performance-based RSUs to its senior officers. Each performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs
based upon the covered employees being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are
measured and shall vest as follows: (i) one-third of the target RSUs shall vest on December 31, 2018, subject to OSG's three-year
earnings per share ("EPS") performance in the three-year EPS performance period relative to a compounded annual growth
rate (the "EPS Target") set forth in the award agreements; (ii) one-third of the target RSUs shall vest on December
31, 2018, subject to OSG's return on invested capital ("ROIC") performance in the three-year ROIC performance
period relative to a target rate (the "ROIC Target") set forth in the award agreements; and (iii) one-third of the
target RSUs will be subject to OSG's three-year total shareholder return ("TSR") performance relative to that
of a performance peer group over a three-year TSR performance period ("TSR Target"). Vesting is subject in each case
to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee's certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets
no later than March 31, 2019. The EPS Target and ROIC Target are performance conditions which, as of December 31, 2016, management
believes, are not yet considered probable of being achieved. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, no compensation costs
will be recognized for these awards until it becomes probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. The grant date
fair value of the TSR based performance awards, which has a market condition, was determined to be $11.82 per RSU. 

 91 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company
granted 38,547 performance-based RSUs (which represented the 2016 tranche of the October 12, 2015 awards described below) to certain
members of senior management. The grant date fair value of the performance awards was determined to be $11.82 per RSU. Each performance
stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon certain performance related goals being met and the covered
employees being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are measured. These performance
awards vested on December 31, 2016, subject in each case to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee's certification
of achievement of the performance measures and targets no later than March 31, 2017. Achievement of the performance condition
in this award was considered probable and accordingly, compensation cost was recognized commencing on March 30, 2016, the grant
date of the award. However, as a result of the INSW spin off transaction, the outstanding unvested performance based RSU awards
held by the members of senior management that remained with OSG, but terminated employment with the Company shortly after the
spinoff date, were forfeited. As noted above, the awards granted to former members of OSG senior management that transitioned
to INSW were cancelled. 

 On October 12, 2015, the Company awarded 115,640 performance-based
RSUs to certain members of senior management to be granted in three equal but separate tranches. The grant date fair value of the
2015 Tranche of the performance awards (38,547 units) was determined to be $14.51 per RSU. Each performance stock unit represents
a contingent right to receive RSUs of the Company based upon certain performance related goals being met and the covered employees
being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are measured. The performance stock
units have no voting rights and may not be transferred or otherwise disposed of until they vest. Each performance award tranche
granted during 2015, 2016 and 2017, will vest on each of December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, subject in each case to the Committee's
certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets no later than each March 31 following the respective date
of vesting. Settlement of the vested RSUs may be in either shares of common stock or cash, as determined by the Committee in its
discretion, and shall occur as soon as practicable following the Committee's certification of the achievement of the applicable
performance measures and targets for 2017 and in any event no later than April 30, 2018. With respect to the RSUs that may vest
with respect to each of 2015, 2016 and 2017, the number of target RSUs shall be subject to an increase or decrease depending on
performance against the applicable performance measures and targets. Compensation expense recognized with respect to the performance
awards vesting on December 31, 2016 and 2015 was based upon an achievement levels of 100% and 130%, respectively, of the target
RSUs. 

 (ii) Stock Options 

 During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the
Company awarded to certain senior officers an aggregate of 528,304, 182,310, and 86,228 stock options, respectively. Each stock
option represents an option to purchase one share of Class A common stock for an exercise price that ranged between $3.73 and
$12.69 per share for 2016, $17.10 for 2015 and $19.20 for 2014. The average grant date fair value of the options was $10.83 per
option in 2016, $8.40 in 2015 and 9.48 in 2014. Stock options may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered
prior to vesting. Each stock option will vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the award date.
The stock options expire on the business day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the award date. If a stock option
grantee's employment is terminated for cause (as defined in the applicable Form of Grant Agreement), stock options (whether
then vested or exercisable or not) will lapse and will not be exercisable. If a stock option grantee's employment is terminated
for reasons other than cause, the option recipient may exercise the vested portion of the stock option but only within such period
of time ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the 90th day ending after the option recipient's employment terminated and
(ii) the expiration of the options, provided that if the Optionee's employment terminates for death or disability the vested
portion of the option may be exercised until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of employment termination and (ii) the expiration
date of the options. 

 The fair values of the options granted were estimated on
the dates of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for 2016,
2015 and 2014 grants: risk free interest rates of 1.65%, 1.8% and 2.2%, respectively, dividend yields of 0.0%, expected stock
price volatility factors of .40, .37 and .42, respectively, and expected lives of 6.0 years. 

 The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for
use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition,
option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. Since
the Company's stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes
in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management's opinion, the existing
models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its stock options. 

 92 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Employee Terminations and Retirements and Impact of Spinoff 

 On July 29, 2016, Mr. Henry Flinter retired from his position as President of the Company's U.S.
Flag operations. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards, time-based
RSUs and performance-based RSUs vested in full (per the terms of his agreement, performance-based RSUs vested at target performance)
on July 29, 2016. The incremental compensation expense recognized as a result of the accelerated vesting and the difference between
the grant date fair value of the vested shares and the fair value of the Company's Class A common stock on July 29, 2016
was approximately $23. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Company's Board elected to settle the vested
equity awards (with the exception of certain performance-based RSUs that by their terms are not settled until the first quarter
of 2018) in cash. Severance costs of approximately $2,238 were recognized during the year in relation to Mr. Flinter's separation
from the Company, of which $789 was as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation awards. Also see Note
19, "Severance and Agreements with Executive Officers." 

 On December 29, 2016, Captain Ian Blackley retired from his
position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016 and August
3, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards and time-based RSUs vested in full on December 29, 2016. Stock compensation expense,
net of forfeitures, totaling $1,251 was recognized in December 2016 as a result of the accelerated vesting of his time-based RSU
and stock option awards offset by the related forfeitures of his unvested performance-based RSU awards. 

 On December 29, 2016, Mr. Rick Oricchio retired from his position
as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016 and August 3, 2016,
all of his unvested stock option awards, and time-based RSU awards vested in full on December 29, 2016. Stock compensation expense,
net of forfeitures, totaling $984 was recognized in December 2016 as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation
awards and the related forfeitures of his unvested performance-based RSU awards. 

 The spin-off transaction resulted in the Compensation Committee,
as required by the Management and Director Incentive Plans, adjusting the number and the type of securities underlying the outstanding
awards at November 30, 2016, in each case as it considered appropriate, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights.
The adjustments resulted in a 430,841 increase in restricted stock and restricted stock units and a 581,332 increase in stock
options. Additionally, as a result of certain employees transferring from OSG to INSW, 177,635 restricted stock units and 205,427
stock options were cancelled. 

 A total of 3,641,791 shares of the Company's Class A
Common Stock may be issued or used as the basis for awards under the Incentive Plans as of December 31, 2016. 

 The 2004 Stock Incentive Plan 

 The Company's 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2004
Plan") enabled the Company to grant stock-based awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
and performance awards to employees, consultants and non-employee directors. On May 21, 2014, the Company filed notice with the
Bankruptcy Court that it was rejecting the Company's 2004 Plan effective June 1, 2014. As a result of the rejection of the
2004 Plan, all unvested awards and any OSG equity interests thereunder were cancelled and holders of unvested awards were not
entitled to participate in the Rights Offering (see Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy," to
these consolidated financial statements) or to vote on or receive distributions under the Equity Plan (see Note 2). As a result
of the cancellation of the unvested awards, the unrecognized stock compensation expense relating to unvested stock options, restricted
common stock and restricted stock units was accelerated, and a charge of $1,796 was recorded to reorganization items in the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

 There were no stock options, restricted common stock, restricted
stock units or performance related grants under the 2004 Plan during the period from January 1, 2014 through the May 21, 2014
rejection of the 2004 Plan. 

 For both the Incentive Plans and the 2004 Plan compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period,
contingent or otherwise, applicable to each grant, using the straight-line method. Compensation expense as a result of the restricted
shares and RSU awards described above was $5,198, $3,139 and $434 during each of the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 There were 0 and 45,008 restricted common shares and restricted
stock units outstanding relating to the 2004 Plan as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and 15,166, 7,863 and 21,979
restricted common shares and restricted stock units were vested, forfeited and cancelled, respectively, during the year ending
December 31, 2014, in connection with the Company's Emergence from Bankruptcy. There were 0 and 124,842 stock options outstanding
relating to the 2004 Plan as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and 7,306 and 117,536 stock options were forfeited and
cancelled, respectively, during the year ending December 31, 2014 in connection with the Company's emergence from Bankruptcy. 

 93 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Activity with respect to restricted common stock and restricted
stock units under the Incentive Plans during the three years ended December 31, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

 Activity for the three years ended December 31, 2016 
 Class A common shares 

 Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
 - 
 
 Granted
 (1) 
 90,163 
 
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2014 
 90,163 
 
 Granted (1) 
 871,439 
 
 Vested ($3.00 to $3.65 per share) (1) 
 (160,835 ) 
 
 Forfeited (1) 
 (4,342 ) 
 
 Performance
 awards (2) 
 11,564 
 
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2015 
 807,989 
 
 Granted (1) 
 614,523 
 
 Vested ($2.87 to $21.90 per share) (1) 
 (1,025,212 ) 
 
 Forfeited 
 (88,228 ) 
 
 INSW Spin off modification 
 430,841 
 
 Cancellations related to INSW Spin-off 
 (177,635 ) 
 
 Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2016 
 562,278 

 (1) Share information has been recast to reflect the
 2016 reverse stock split and 2015 stock dividend. 

 (2) Represents additional shares resulting from an
 increase in performance awards vesting on December 31, 2016 and 2015 based on the actual
 achievement of performance goals. 

 Activity for the three years ended December 31, 2016 
 Class A common shares 

 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
 - 
 
 Granted
 (1) 
 86,229 
 
 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2014 
 86,229 
 
 Granted (1) 
 182,310 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 
 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2015 
 268,539 
 
 Granted (1) 
 528,304 
 
 Forfeited 
 (2,674 ) 
 
 Expired 
 (55,971 ) 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 
 INSW Spin off modification 
 581,332 
 
 Cancellations related to INSW Spin-off 
 (205,427 ) 
 
 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2016 
 1,114,103 
 
 Options Exercisable at December 31, 2016 
 737,669 

 (1) Share information has been recast to reflect the
 2016 reverse stock split and 2015 stock dividend. 

 The weighted average remaining contractual life of the outstanding
stock options at December 31, 2016 was 3.43 years. The range of exercise prices of the stock options outstanding at December 31,
2016 was between $3.73 and $8.43 per share (which reflects an adjustment as a result of the stock dividend and reverse spin modification
and INSW spin off described above). The weighted average exercise prices of the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014 were $6.69, $2.96 and $3.65 per share, respectively. None of the stock options which vested during the three-year
period ended December 31, 2016 were "in-the-money." 

 94 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Net compensation expense/(income) as a result of the grants
of stock options described above was $2,243, $441 and $120 during each of the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. 

 As of December 31, 2016, there was $2,869 of unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 2.29 years. 

 NOTE 15 -- ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS: 

 The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net
of related taxes, in the consolidated balance sheets follow: 

 At December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments 
 $ (1,019 ) 
 $ (54,620 ) 
 
 Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension
 and other postretirement benefit plans) 
 (7,141 ) 
 (18,841 ) 

 $ (8,160 ) 
 $ (73,461 ) 

 The following tables present the changes in the balances of
each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of related taxes, for the three years ended December 31, 2016. 

 Unrealized losses on cash flow 
 hedges 
 Items not yet recognized as a 
 component of net periodic benefit cost (pension and other postretirement plans) 
 Total 

 Balance as of December 31, 2015 
 $ (54,620 ) 
 $ (18,841 ) 
 $ (73,461 ) 
 
 Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (5,982 ) 
 (4,055 ) 
 (10,037 ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 16,293 
 700 
 16,993 
 
 Distribution of International Seaways, Inc. 
 43,290 
 15,055 
 58,345 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 53,601 
 11,700 
 65,301 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2016 
 $ (1,019 ) 
 $ (7,141 ) 
 $ (8,160 ) 

 Balance as of December 31, 2014 
 $ (61,547 ) 
 $ (21,833 ) 
 $ (83,380 ) 
 
 Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (11,177 ) 
 2,581 
 (8,596 ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 18,104 
 411 
 18,515 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 6,927 
 2,992 
 9,919 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2015 
 $ (54,620 ) 
 $ (18,841 ) 
 $ (73,461 ) 

 Balance as of December 31, 2013 
 $ (59,263 ) 
 $ (10,081 ) 
 $ (69,344 ) 
 
 Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (21,850 ) 
 (11,969 ) 
 (33,819 ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 19,566 
 217 
 19,783 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (2,284 ) 
 (11,752 ) 
 (14,036 ) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2014 
 $ (61,547 ) 
 $ (21,833 ) 
 $ (83,380 ) 

 95 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The following table presents information with respect to amounts
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three years ended December 31, 2016. 

 Years ended December 31, 

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Component 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 Statement of Operations Line Item 

 Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges: 

 Interest rate swaps entered into by
 the Company's equity method joint venture investees 
 (15,664 ) 
 (18,101 ) 
 (19,566 ) 
 Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 

 Interest rate caps entered into by the Company's
 subsidiaries 
 (339 ) 
 (1 ) 
 - 
 Interest expense 

 Interest rate caps entered into by the Company's
 subsidiaries 
 (408 ) 
 (2 ) 
 - 
 Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 

 Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension and other
 postretirement plans): 

 Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension
 and postretirement benefit plans for shore-based employees 
 (645 ) 
 (232 ) 
 58 
 General and administrative expenses 

 Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension
 and postretirement benefit plans for shore-based employees 
 (365 ) 
 (482 ) 
 (318 ) 
 Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations 

 Net periodic benefit costs
 associated with pension and postretirement benefit plans for seagoing employees 
 131 
 80 
 97 
 Vessel expenses 

 (17,290 ) 
 (18,738 ) 
 (19,729 ) 
 Total before tax 

 297 
 223 
 (54 ) 
 Tax provision / (benefit) 

 $ (16,993 ) 
 $ (18,515 ) 
 $ (19,783 ) 
 Total net of tax 

 The following amounts are included in accumulated other comprehensive
loss at December 31, 2016, which have not yet been recognized in net periodic cost: unrecognized prior service credits of $2,304
($1,436 net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial losses $13,298 ($8,577 net of tax). The prior service credit and actuarial loss
included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and expected to be recognized in net periodic cost during 2017 are a gain of
$229 ($143 net of tax) and a loss of $730 ($472 net of tax), respectively. 

 At December 31, 2016, the Company expects that it will reclassify
$1,422 ($924 net of tax) losses on derivative instruments from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings during the next
twelve months due to the payment of variable rate interest associated with interest rate cap held by the Company. 

 See Note 10, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives
and Fair Value," for additional disclosures relating to derivative instruments. 

 96 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The income tax (expense)/benefit allocated to each component
of other comprehensive loss follows: 

 Unrealized gains/(losses) on cash 
 flow hedges 
 Items not yet recognized as a component
 of net periodic benefit cost 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2016: 

 Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive
 loss 
 $ 30 
 $ (388 ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (118 ) 
 (179 ) 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 $ (88 ) 
 $ (567 ) 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015: 

 Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 $ 553 
 $ (353 ) 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 (223 ) 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 $ 553 
 $ (576 ) 

 For the year ended December 31, 2014: 

 Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 $ 115 
 $ 3,639 
 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 - 
 54 
 
 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 $ 115 
 $ 3,693 

 NOTE 16 -- LEASES: 

 1. Charters-in: 

 As of December 31, 2016, the Company had commitments to charter
in 10 vessels. All of the charters-in are accounted for as operating leases and all are bareboat charters. Lease expense relating
to charters-in is included in charter hire expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The future minimum commitments
and related number of operating days under these operating leases are as follows: 

 Bareboat Charters-in: 

 At December 31, 
 Amount 
 Operating Days 
 
 2017 
 $ 91,576 
 3,650 
 
 2018 
 91,457 
 3,650 
 
 2019 
 111,819 
 3,470 
 
 2020 
 9,168 
 366 
 
 2021 
 9,143 
 365 
 
 Thereafter 
 31,864 
 1,272 
 
 Net minimum lease payments 
 $ 345,027 
 12,773 

 The bareboat charters-in provide for the payment of profit
share to the owners of the vessels calculated in accordance with the respective charter agreements. Because such amounts and the
periods impacted are not reasonably estimable they are not currently reflected in the table above. Due to reserve funding requirements
and current rate forecasts, no profits are currently expected to be paid to the owners in respect of the charter term through
December 31, 2019. The charters in the above tables also provide the Company with renewal and purchase options. 

 97 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 2. Charters-out: 

 The future minimum revenues, before reduction for brokerage
commissions, expected to be received on noncancelable time charters and certain COAs for which minimum annual revenues can be
reasonably estimated and the related revenue days (revenue days represent calendar days, less days that vessels are not available
for employment due to repairs, drydock or lay-up) are as follows: 

 At December 31, 2016 
 Amount 
 Revenue Days 
 
 2017 
 $ 265,767 
 4,704 
 
 2018 
 152,227 
 2,153 
 
 2019 
 78,508 
 938 
 
 2020 
 43,678 
 531 
 
 2021 
 26,644 
 324 
 
 Thereafter 
 108,199 
 1,251 
 
 Net minimum lease payments 
 $ 675,023 
 9,901 

 Future minimum revenues do not include COAs for which minimum
annual revenues cannot be reasonably estimated. Revenues from those COAs that are included in the table above, $22,347 (2017),
$22,698 (2018), $23,031 (2019) and $6,356 (2020), are based on minimum annual volumes of cargo to be loaded during the contract
periods at a fixed price, and do not contemplate early termination of the COAs as provided in certain of the agreements. Amounts
that would be due to the Company in the event of the cancellation of the COA contracts have not been reflected in the above table.
Revenues from a time charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time required for normal periodic
maintenance of the vessel. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic
maintenance on each vessel has been deducted, although there is no assurance that such estimate will be reflective of the actual
off-hire in the future. 

 3. Office space: 

 The future minimum commitments under lease obligations for
office space are as follows: 

 At December 31, 
 Amount 
 
 2017 
 $ 526 
 
 2018 
 539 
 
 2019 
 568 
 
 2020 
 538 
 
 2021 
 538 
 
 Thereafter 
 931 
 
 Net minimum lease payments 
 $ 3,640 

 The rental expense for office space, which is included in general
and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations, amounted to $1,324 in 2016, $1,808 in 2015 and $1,766
in 2014. 

 NOTE 17 -- PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT
BENEFIT PLANS: 

 For the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015
pension and other benefit liabilities are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 Pension Plans 

 In connection with the November 2006 acquisition of Maritrans,
the Company assumed the obligations under the defined benefit retirement plan of Maritrans Inc. ("the Maritrans Plan").
As of December 31, 2006, the Company froze the benefits under the Maritrans Plan. At December 31, 2016, the Maritrans Plan is
the only domestic defined benefit pension plan in existence. The Maritrans Plan was noncontributory and covered substantially
all shore-based employees and substantially all of the seagoing supervisors who were supervisors in 1984, or who were hired in,
or promoted into, supervisory roles between 1984 and 1998 for that period of time. Beginning in 1999, the seagoing supervisors'
retirement benefits are provided through contributions to an industry-wide, multiemployer union sponsored pension plan. Upon retirement,
those seagoing supervisors are entitled to retirement benefits from the Maritrans Plan for service periods between 1984 and 1998
and from the multiemployer union sponsored plan for other covered periods. Retirement benefits are based primarily on years of
service and average compensation for the five consecutive plan years that produce the highest results. 

 98 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Multiemployer Pension and Postretirement Benefit plans 

 Certain of the Company's subsidiaries are parties to
collective-bargaining agreements that require them to make contributions to three jointly managed (Company and union) multiemployer
pension plans covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. All three plans, the American Maritime Officers ("AMO")
Pension Plan, the Seafarers Pension Plan ("SIU") and the Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association ("MEBA")
Defined Benefit Pension Plan, are deemed individually significant by management. Management assessed these plans as individually
significant because of the potential withdrawal liabilities under the AMO Pension Plan and the MEBA Defined Benefit Pension Plan
and because the Company's contributions to the SIU plan constituted more than 5% of total employer contributions to the
plan during the pension plan year ending in 2016. 

 Plan level information is available in the public domain for
each of the multiemployer pension plans the Company participates in. The table below provides additional information about the
Company's participation in the above multi-employer pension plans: 

 Pension Protection Act 
 
 Contributions made 

 Zone Status 
 
 by the Company 
 
 Pension Plan 
 EIN / Pension Plan Number 
 2016 
 2015 
 Rehabilitation Plan Status 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 AMO Pension Plan 
 13-1936709 
 Yellow (1) 
 Yellow (1) 
 Implemented 
 $ 1,015 
 $ 1,001 
 $ 994 

 MEBA Pension Plan 
 51-6029896 
 Green (1) 
 Red (1) 
 None 
 1,406 
 1,286 
 322 

 Seafarers Pension Plan 
 13-6100329 
 Green (1) 
 Green (1) 
 None 
 434 
 427 
 396 

 Total contributions 
 $ 2,855 
 $ 2,714 
 $ 1,712 

 (1) A Red Zone (or critical) Status plan
 is a plan that is funded less than 65% and currently has a funding deficiency or a funding
 deficiency that is projected in the near term. A Yellow Zone Status
 plan is a plan that has a funding ratio between 65% and 80%. A Green 
 Zone Status plan is a plan that is 80% funded or more. 

 The plan years for the three union plans end as follows: MEBA
and SIU on December 31 and AMO on September 30. The Company has no future minimum contribution requirements under the three multiemployer
pension plans shown above as of December 31, 2016 and any future contributions are subject to negotiations between the employers
and the unions. 

 Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA")
as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 ("PPA") and the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014 ("MPRA"),
on March 31, 2015, the actuary of the MEBA Pension Plan ("Plan") certified the Plan as being in neither endangered
nor critical status as of January 1, 2015. The actuary also certified that the Plan was projected to be in critical status in
at least one of the five succeeding Plan years. Under MPRA, a multiemployer pension plan that has been actuarially projected to
be in critical status within the succeeding five plan years may elect to be in critical status for the current plan year within
30 days of the actuary's certification. In accordance with applicable law, on April 30, 2015 the Plan's Board of Trustees
("Trustees") elected that the Plan enter critical status for the plan year beginning January 1, 2015. The Plan entered
into a Rehabilitation Plan ("RP") whereby lump sum payment options previously available under the Plan will no longer
be paid to beneficiaries, and each employer became obligated to pay a 5% contribution surcharge to the Plan, effective with respect
to contributions for work performed on or after June 1, 2015. On October 27, 2015, the Company received correspondence from MEBA
indicating that Federal law requires that the Trustees adopt an RP with a schedule of increases in contributions and reductions
in future benefits that will help the Plan emerge from critical status. However, because the Plan's actuary has projected
that the Plan will emerge from critical status without any contribution increases or benefit reductions; the RP does not include
any. The letter also indicated that since the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding on October 21, 2015 whereby the Company
and MEBA amended their collective bargaining agreement to adopt the preferred schedule of the RP that was adopted by the Pension
Plan's Board of Trustees on October 21, 2015, the surcharges required to be paid to the Plan by the Company since June 1,
2015 ceased as of October 31, 2015. During April 2016, the Company received correspondence from MEBA indicating that due to the
actions of the Trustees, the Plan's actuaries certified in March 2016 that the Plan has emerged from critical status, and
the Plan is not in endangered, critical, or critical and declining status for the plan year commencing January 1, 2016. As a result,
the rehabilitation plan period has terminated. 

 ERISA requires employers who are contributors to U.S. multiemployer
plans to continue funding their allocable share of each plan's unfunded vested benefits in the event of withdrawal from
or termination of such plans. Based on information received from the trustees of the SIU Pension Plan, the Company is not subject
to withdrawal liabilities under that plan. Based on the actuarial report received from the trustees of the MEBA Pension Plan,
as of December 31, 2015, the Company's estimated withdrawal liability was approximately $22,287. Based on the actuarial
report received from the trustees of the AMO Pension Plan, as of September 30, 2015, the Company's estimated withdrawal
liability was approximately $24,706. The Company has no intentions of terminating its participation in any of the three multiemployer
pension plans and has no expectations that the plans will be terminated. Accordingly, no provisions have been made for the estimated
withdrawal liability as of December 31, 2016. 

 99 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The SIU Tanker Agreement, SIU Tug Agreement,
AMO and MEBA collective bargaining agreements expire in June 2017, March 2018, March 2018 and June 2020, respectively. The collective
bargaining agreements also require the Company to make contributions to certain other postretirement employee benefit plans the
unions offer to their members. Such contributions were not material during the three years ended December 31, 2016. 

 Certain other seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels are covered
under a defined contribution plan, the cost of which is funded as accrued. The costs of all these plans were not material during
the three years ended December 31, 2016. 

 Postretirement Benefit Plans 

 The Company also provides certain postretirement health care
and life insurance benefits to qualifying domestic retirees and their eligible dependents. The health care plan for shore-based
employees and their dependents and seagoing licensed deck officers ("Deck Officers") and their dependents is contributory
at retirement, while the life insurance plan for all employees is noncontributory. In general, postretirement medical coverage
is provided to shore-based employees hired prior to January 1, 2005 and all Deck Officers who retire and have met minimum age
and service requirements under a formula related to total years of service. The Company no longer provides prescription drug coverage
to its retirees or their beneficiaries once they reach age 65. The Company does not currently fund these benefit arrangements
and has the right to amend or terminate the health care and life insurance benefits at any time. 

 Information with respect to the domestic pension and postretirement
benefit plans for which the Company uses a December 31 measurement date, follow: 

 Pension Benefits 
 Other Benefits 
 
 At December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Change in benefit obligation: 

 Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 $ 49,622 
 $ 52,418 
 $ 4,623 
 $ 5,119 
 
 Cost of benefits earned (service cost) 
 - 
 - 
 138 
 137 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligation 
 1,893 
 1,928 
 189 
 191 
 
 Amendments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Curtailment gain 
 - 
 - 
 (451 ) 
 - 
 
 Actuarial (gains)/losses 
 (1,520 ) 
 (2,271 ) 
 (192 ) 
 (621 ) 
 
 Benefits paid 
 (2,527 ) 
 (2,453 ) 
 (213 ) 
 (203 ) 
 
 Benefit obligation at year end 
 47,468 
 49,622 
 4,094 
 4,623 
 
 Change in plan assets: 

 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
 33,127 
 35,705 
 - 
 - 
 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 1,413 
 (125 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Employer contributions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Benefits paid 
 (2,527 ) 
 (2,453 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of plan assets at year end 
 32,013 
 33,127 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unfunded status at December 31 
 $ (15,455 ) 
 $ (16,495 ) 
 $ (4,094 ) 
 $ (4,623 ) 

 Information for defined benefit pension plans with accumulated
benefit obligations in excess of plan assets follows: 

 At December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Projected benefit obligation 
 $ 47,468 
 $ 49,622 
 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 47,468 
 49,622 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 32,013 
 33,127 

 100 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Information for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement
benefit plans net periodic cost/(benefit) follows: 

 Pension benefits 
 Other benefits 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Components of expense: 

 Cost of benefits earned 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ 138 
 $ 137 
 $ 89 
 
 Interest cost on benefit obligation 
 1,893 
 1,928 
 1,951 
 189 
 191 
 193 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 (2,309 ) 
 (2,412 ) 
 (2,494 ) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Amortization of prior-service costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (271 ) 
 (316 ) 
 (316 ) 
 
 Amortization of transition obligation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7 
 
 Recognized net actuarial loss 
 688 
 792 
 - 
 97 
 157 
 129 
 
 Curtailment 
 97 
 157 
 129 
 (149 ) 
 - 
 (42 ) 
 
 Net periodic benefit cost 
 $ 369 
 $ 465 
 $ (414 ) 
 $ 4 
 $ 169 
 $ 60 

 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
obligations follow: 

 Pension benefits 
 Other benefits 
 
 At December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 Discount rate 
 3.95 % 
 4.00 % 
 4.15 % 
 4.25 % 
 
 Rate of future compensation increases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 The selection of a single discount rate for the Maritrans Plan
was derived from bond yield curves, which the Company believed as of such dates to be appropriate for ongoing plans with a long
duration, such as the Maritrans Plan, and that generally mirror the type of high yield bond portfolio the Company could acquire
to offset its obligations under the Maritrans Plan. 

 The weighted-average assumptions
used to determine net periodic benefit cost follow: 

 Pension benefits 
 Other benefits 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Discount rate 
 4.00 % 
 3.75 % 
 4.50 % 
 4.25 % 
 4.00 % 
 5.00 % 
 
 Expected (long-term) return on plan assets 
 7.25 % 
 7.00 % 
 7.00 % 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Rate of future compensation increases 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

 The assumed health care cost trend rate for measuring the benefit
obligation included in Other benefits above is an increase of 6.50% as of December 31, 2016, with the rate of increase declining
steadily thereafter by 0.50% per annum to an ultimate trend rate of 5.00% per annum as of December 31, 2019. Assumed health care
cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. A 1% change in assumed health care
cost trend rates would have the following effects: 

 1% increase 
 1% decrease 
 
 Effect on total of service and interest cost components in 2016 
 $ 57 
 $ (39 ) 
 
 Effect on postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2016 
 $ 539 
 $ (383 ) 

 Expected benefit payments are as follows: 

 Pension benefits 
 Other benefits 
 
 2017 
 $ 2,621 
 $ 203 
 
 2018 
 2,731 
 205 
 
 2019 
 2,825 
 182 
 
 2020 
 2,986 
 183 
 
 2021 
 3,012 
 186 
 
 Years 2022-2026 
 15,752 
 988 

 $ 29,927 
 $ 1,947 

 101 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based
on the current and expected asset allocations. Additionally, the long-term rate of return is based on historical returns, investment
strategy, inflation expectations and other economic factors. The expected long-term rate of return is then applied to the market
value of plan assets. 

 The fair values of the Company's pension plan assets
at December 31, 2016, by asset category are as follows: 

 Description 
 Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 742 
 $ 742 
 
 Equity securities: 

 Large cap exchange traded fund 
 12,331 
 12,331 
 
 Small company - mid value 
 2,125 
 2,125 
 
 Small company - mid growth 
 1,969 
 1,969 
 
 International value 
 2,266 
 2,266 
 
 International growth 
 2,427 
 2,427 
 
 Fixed Income and Preferred Stock 

 Intermediate term bond fund 
 10,139 
 10,139 
 
 Small company - mid value - preferred stock 
 14 
 14 
 
 Total 
 $ 32,013 
 $ 32,013 

 The Maritrans Plan has historically utilized a strategic asset
allocation investment strategy that maintains a targeted allocation of 65% equity and 35% fixed income. The allocation is rebalanced
periodically after considering anticipated benefit payments. 

 The Company contributed $0, $0 and $1,063 to the Maritrans
Plan in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company expects to make contributions of approximately $1,082 to the Maritrans
Plan in 2017. 

 Employee Savings Plans 

 The Company also had defined contribution plans covering all
eligible employees. Contributions are limited to amounts allowable for income tax purposes. Commencing in 2006, employer contributions
include both employer contributions made regardless of employee contributions and matching contributions to the plans. All contributions
to the plans are at the discretion of the Company. The contributions to the plan during the three years ended December 31, 2016
were not material. 

 The Company also has an unfunded, nonqualified supplemental
savings plan covering highly compensated U.S. shore-based employees of the Company, which was terminated in connection with the
Company's filing for bankruptcy in 2012. This plan provided for levels of hypothetical employer contributions that would
otherwise have been made under the Company's defined contribution plans in the absence of limitations imposed by income
tax regulations. The Company's unfunded obligations under this plan at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $741 and $1,147,
respectively. 

 NOTE 18 -- OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE): 

 Other income/(expense) consists of: 

 For the year ended December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Investment income: 

 Interest 
 $ 534 
 $ 219 
 $ 327 
 
 Gain on sale of investments 
 46 
 53 
 - 

 580 
 272 
 327 
 
 Loss on repurchase of debt 
 (2,988 ) 
 (26,516 ) 
 - 
 
 Miscellaneous--net 
 17 
 5 
 142 

 $ (2,391 ) 
 $ (26,239 ) 
 $ 469 

 See Note 9, "Debt," for disclosures relating to
loss on repurchase of debt. 

 102 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 NOTE 19 -- SEVERANCE COSTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS: 

 Severance 

 Severance related costs are recognized over the period commencing
on the date on which the affected employees are notified and ending on the date when required services are completed. 

 Severance costs for termination benefits and share based compensation
costs recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016 were as follows: 

 Termination Benefits 
 Share Based Payment Expense 
 Total Severance Charges 
 
 Terminations as a result of spin-off and related restructurings 
 $ 8,218 
 $ 4,778 
 $ 12,996 

 See below for additional discussion on termination agreements
with executive officers. Charges relating to employee termination benefits and severance are presented separately in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

 Activity relating to the reserves for the severance arrangements
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2016 is summarized as follows: 

 Activity for the year ended December 31, 2016: 

 Balance at December 31, 2015 
 $ - 
 
 Provision 
 8,218 
 
 Utilized 
 (524 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2016 
 $ 7,694 

 The above table excludes related professional fees which are
expensed as incurred. 

 Agreements with Executive Officers 

 On December 29, 2016 Captain Ian T. Blackley stepped down from
his role as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company. In connection with his departure from the Company,
Captain Blackley entered into a letter agreement with the Company that provides for a general release and waiver of claims against
the Company in addition to the payment of certain benefits that were consistent with the terms of his employment agreement, as
amended including: (a) a cash payment of $1,350 in substantially equal installments over a period of twenty-four (24) months;
(b) a lump sum cash payment of $3,214; (c) a lump sum cash payment of $475 pursuant to the Company's Retention Bonus Plan;
and (d) any benefits to which he is entitled under the Company's nonqualified supplemental savings plan. Captain Blackley
also received accelerated vesting of time-based equity awards. Charges recognized as part of severance costs in relation to the
accelerated vesting of his time-based equity awards totaled $2,313. As of December 31, 2016, no severance related amounts had
been paid to Captain Blackley. 

 On December 29, 2016, Mr. Rick Oricchio stepped down from his role as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. In connection with his departure, Mr. Oricchio entered into a letter agreement with the Company containing,
among other things, a general release and waiver of claims against the Company, in addition to the payment of certain benefits
that were consistent with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended including: (a) a cash payment of $475 in substantially
equal installments over a period of twelve months; (b) a lump sum cash payment of $1,012; (c) the pro rata portion of Mr. Oricchio's
second anniversary bonus in a lump sum cash payment of $386 and (d) Mr. Oricchio's annual incentive bonus for fiscal year
2016, to be determined based on actual performance of previously established performance metrics and paid in accordance with the
Company's normal practice. Mr. Oricchio also received accelerated vesting of time-based equity awards. Charges recognized
as part of severance costs in relation to the accelerated vesting of his time-based equity awards totaled $1,676. As of December
31, 2016 no severance related amounts had been paid to Mr. Oricchio. 

 On July 29, 2016, Mr. Henry Flinter retired from his position
as President of the Company's U.S. Flag operations. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016,
all of his unvested stock option awards, time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs vested in full (per the terms of his agreement,
performance-based RSUs vested at target performance) on July 29, 2016. The incremental compensation expense recognized as a result
of the difference between the grant date fair value of the vested shares and the fair value of the Company's Class A common
stock on July 29, 2016 was approximately $23. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Company's Board elected
to settle the vested equity awards (with the exception of certain performance-based RSUs that by their terms are not settled until
the first quarter of 2018) in cash. Severance costs of approximately $2,238 were recognized during the quarter in relation to
Mr. Flinter's separation from the Company, of which $789 was as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation
awards. In addition, Mr. Flinter is eligible for any benefits to which he is entitled under the Company's nonqualified supplemental
savings plan. 

 103 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 On August 11, 2014, Captain Robert E. Johnston, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, retired from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and President and ceased to be an
employee of the Company. On August 11, 2014, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Captain Johnston, which provided,
among other things, that Captain Johnston would serve the Company as a consultant until December 31, 2015 (the "Consulting
Period"). In exchange for Captain Johnston's consulting services, the Company paid Captain Johnston a monthly fee
of $56 during the Consulting Period. In addition to severance in the amount of $675 under the Company's severance plan,
pursuant to the letter agreement, Captain Johnston was paid $1,013 with respect to his 2014 bonus and $6,399 in full satisfaction
of his entitlement under the Company's nonqualified supplemental savings plan. 

 NOTE 20 -- 2016 AND 2015 QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
(UNAUDITED): 

 Selected Financial Data for the Quarter Ended 
 March 31, 
 June 30, 
 Sept. 30, 
 Dec. 31, 
 
 2016 

 Shipping
 revenues (2) 
 $ 115,080 
 $ 118,384 
 $ 114,180 
 $ 114,776 
 
 Loss on disposal of
 vessels, including impairments (1) (2) 
 (14 ) 
 (113 ) 
 (97,782 ) 
 (6,623 ) 
 
 Income/(loss) from
 vessel operations (2) 
 17,401 
 23,035 
 (83,439 ) 
 7,821 
 
 Interest expense (2) 
 (11,917 ) 
 (10,862 ) 
 (10,607 ) 
 (9,765 ) 
 
 Reorganization items,
 net (2) 
 17,910 
 (860 ) 
 (5,732 ) 
 (393 ) 
 
 (Provision)/benefit for taxes from continuing operations 
 (33,235 ) 
 (15,075 ) 
 49,755 
 63,653 
 
 Income/(loss) from continuing operations 
 (8,698 ) 
 (4,184 ) 
 (52,855 ) 
 64,678 
 
 Income/(loss) from
 discontinued operations (3) 
 59,437 
 34,045 
 (45,884 ) 
 (340,153 ) 
 
 Net income/(loss) 
 50,739 
 29,861 
 (98,739 ) 
 (275,475 ) 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class
 A from continuing operations 
 $ (0.09 ) 
 $ (0.04 ) 
 $ (0.59 ) 
 $ 0.74 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class
 A from discontinued operations 
 0.62 
 0.35 
 (0.51 ) 
 (3.89 ) 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class
 B from continuing operations 
 (0.09 ) 
 (0.27 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss)
 per share - Class B from discontinued operations 
 $ 0.64 
 $ 2.19 
 $ - 
 $ - 

 (1) As discussed in Note 6, Vessels, Deferred
 Drydock and Other Property the Company recorded an impairment charge of $97,782
 (including $3,873 recorded as a reduction in deferred drydock costs) and $6,623 to write
 down the carrying values of the seven ATBs to their estimated fair values as of September
 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, respectively, using estimates of discounted future cash
 flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase
 market for the type of U.S. Flag vessels owned by OSG is not considered to be robust.
 &#9; 

 (2) Data has been adjusted from amounts previously
 reported in Form 10-Q to reflect discontinued operations as discussed in Note 1. &#9; 

 (3) As discussed in Note 5, Discontinued Operations, 
 the Company recorded an impairment charge of $332,562 to write down the carrying values
 of the INSW disposal group to its fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis, on
 November 30, 2016. 

 104 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Selected Financial Data for the Quarter Ended 
 March 31, 
 June 30, 
 Sept. 30, 
 Dec. 31, 
 
 2015 

 Shipping
 revenues (2) 
 $ 116,092 
 $ 121,394 
 $ 110,632 
 $ 118,754 
 
 Loss on disposal of
 vessels, including impairments (2) 
 (93 ) 
 - 
 (53 ) 
 (61 ) 
 
 Income/(loss) from
 vessel operations (2) 
 21,861 
 27,413 
 14,004 
 17,128 
 
 Interest expense (2) 
 (18,149 ) 
 (18,366 ) 
 (18,141 ) 
 (15,709 ) 
 
 Reorganization items,
 net (2) 
 (3,487 ) 
 (1,437 ) 
 (1,420 ) 
 (1,708 ) 
 
 (Provision)/benefit
 for taxes from continuing operations (1) 
 (2,896 ) 
 (3,434 ) 
 120,764 
 (13,402 ) 
 
 Income/(loss) from continuing operations 
 (2,634 ) 
 4,194 
 113,240 
 (34,235 ) 
 
 Income/(loss) from
 discontinued operations (3) 
 45,535 
 54,244 
 60,114 
 43,502 
 
 Net income 
 42,901 
 58,438 
 173,354 
 9,267 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class
 A and Class B from continuing operations 
 $ (0.03 ) 
 $ 0.04 
 $ 1.17 
 $ (0.35 ) 
 
 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss)
 per share - Class A and Class B from discontinued operations 
 $ 0.47 
 $ 0.56 
 $ 0.62 
 $ 0.45 

 (1) As discussed in Note 12, Taxes, the
 Company recorded income tax benefits of $120,764 in the third quarter due to a benefit
 of $150,073 as a result of the Pre-Filing Agreement with the IRS, offset by a tax expense
 of $30,997 attributable to the excess of the Company's investment in INSW for financial
 reporting purposes over the tax basis of such investment as of September 30, 2015. 

 (2) Data has been adjusted from amounts previously
 reported in Form 10-Q to reflect discontinued operations as discussed in Note 1. 

 (3) See Note 5, Discontinued Operations, 
 for a discussion of the Company's results of discontinued operations. 

 NOTE 21 -- CONTINGENCIES: 

 The Company's policy for recording legal costs related
to contingencies is to expense such legal costs as incurred. 

 Class Action Lawsuits and Derivative Actions 

 The Company has fully and finally resolved all potential direct
claims by members of the putative class of securities claimants through a settlement effectuated through the Equity Plan, which
became effective on August 5, 2014. Under the terms of that settlement, the Equity Plan provides for full satisfaction of the
claims of the putative class through (i) $7,000 in cash, which was paid on August 5, 2014, (ii) $3,000 in cash, which was paid
by the Company on August 5, 2015, (iii) any remaining cash in the Class E1 Disputed Claims Reserve established by the Equity Plan
following resolution of all other Class E1 claims, which was paid on October 5, 2015, (iv) 15% (or $2,136) of the Net Litigation
Recovery in the action against Proskauer (described below), which was paid on April 5, 2016, (v) $5,000 in cash, following the
entry of a final order resolving the Proskauer action, which was paid on March 17, 2016, and (vi) proceeds of any residual interest
the Company has in certain director and officer insurance policies. 

 The settled claims stem from the Company's filing of
a Form 8-K on October 22, 2012 disclosing that on October 19, 2012 the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company,
on the recommendation of management, concluded that the Company's previously issued financial statements for at least the
three years ended December 31, 2011 and associated interim periods, and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June
30, 2012, should no longer be relied upon. Shortly thereafter several putative class action suits were filed in the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Southern District") against the Company, its then President
and Chief Executive Officer, its then Chief Financial Officer, its then current and certain former members of its Board of the
Directors, its current independent registered public accounting firm, and underwriters of the Company's public offering
of notes in March 2010 (the "Offering"). The Company's former independent registered public accounting firm
was later added as a defendant. Subsequent to the Company's filing for relief under Chapter 11, these suits were consolidated
and the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint that did not name the Company as a defendant. The consolidated suit was purportedly
on behalf of purchasers of Company securities between March 1, 2010 and October 19, 2012 and purchasers of notes in the Offering.
The plaintiffs alleged that documents that the Company filed with the SEC were defective, inaccurate and misleading, that the
plaintiffs relied on such documents in purchasing the Company's securities, and that, as a result, the plaintiffs suffered
losses. The plaintiffs asserted claims under the Securities Act against all defendants and claims under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") against the then former President and former Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Following additional amendments on plaintiffs' Exchange Act claims and motion to dismiss briefing, on April 28, 2014, the
Southern District denied the motion to dismiss the Exchange Act claims filed by the then former President and former Chief Financial
Officer on the third amended complaint. On March 18, 2015, OSG's former independent registered public accounting firm moved
for summary judgment and on May 29, 2015, the Southern District issued an order granting that motion. On July 1, 2015, the plaintiffs
noticed an appeal of that order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. On September 2, 2015, the plaintiffs and
OSG's former independent registered public accounting firm filed a stipulation withdrawing that appeal with prejudice. On
August 6, 2015, the plaintiffs moved for the Southern District to preliminarily approve settlements with respect to all of the
plaintiffs' remaining claims, including settlements with former officers and directors of the Company, the Company's
former underwriters, and the Company's current independent registered public accounting firm that contemplate payments of
$10,500, $4,000 and $1,750, respectively, on behalf of such defendants. On August 12, 2015, the Southern District preliminarily
approved those settlements, and on December 2, 2015, entered orders that (a) certified the proposed class for settlement purposes,
(b) approved a plan of allocation for distribution of settlement proceeds, (c) finally approved those settlements, and (d) entered
final orders of judgment dismissing the remaining defendants from the action. 

 105 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 The plaintiffs in the Southern District action filed a proof
of claim against the Company in the Bankruptcy Court. Pursuant to a settlement with such plaintiffs and the putative class on
whose behalf their claim was filed, their direct claims against the Company were fully and finally resolved based on the Equity
Plan treatment described above. Separately, certain of the defendants in the Southern District filed claims in the Bankruptcy
Court against the Company for indemnification or reimbursement based on potential losses incurred in connection with such action.
Each of those indemnification claims, asserted by certain former directors and officers of the Company, have been released pursuant
to the Equity Plan or otherwise resolved by the Reorganized Debtors. In addition, the indemnification claims asserted by the Company's
former underwriters have been resolved and paid pursuant to the orders of the Bankruptcy Court and the Equity Plan. On October
5, 2015, following the resolution of all disputed Class E1 claims, the Reorganized Debtors disbursed the remaining funds in the
Disputed Claims Reserve for Class E1 to representatives of the putative class in accordance with the Equity Plan and Confirmation
Order. The Equity Plan and orders of the Bankruptcy Court foreclose the defendants in the Southern District from pursuing any
other or further remedies against the Company. 

 Proskauer Action 

 On February 23, 2014, Proskauer and four of its partners (the
"Proskauer Plaintiffs") filed an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York (the "Supreme
Court") against the then Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and the former Chief Financial Officer alleging
that the defendants engaged in tortious and fraudulent conduct that caused significant harm to the Proskauer Plaintiffs and the
Company. The Proskauer Plaintiffs alleged that the defendants made false representations and thereby deceived and misled Proskauer
into providing legal advice to the Company, which was the subject of the Company's malpractice suit against Proskauer and
four of its partners filed on November 18, 2013 in the Bankruptcy Court. On May 1, 2014, the defendants in the action filed by
the Proskauer Plaintiffs filed motions to dismiss the action. On June 9, 2014, the Proskauer Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint
that included certain additional factual allegations and an additional claim against the former Chief Financial Officer of the
Company. On July 18, 2014, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the Proskauer Plaintiffs' amended complaint. On January
15, 2015, the Supreme Court dismissed the Proskauer Plaintiffs' amended complaint in its entirety against the defendants.
On March 2, 2015, the Proskauer Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the Supreme Court's decision to the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court, First Department (the "Appellate Court"). Proskauer filed its appellant's brief on August
17, 2015. The appellees filed their response briefs on October 30, 2015 and Proskauer filed its reply brief on November 13, 2015.
On February 12, 2016, as part of the settlement agreement between the Company and Proskauer and four of its partners, the Proskauer
Plaintiffs agreed to withdraw their appeal of the Supreme Court's dismissal of the amended complaint against the defendants
and on March 31, 2016, the Appellate Court dismissed the appeal. 

 On February 21, 2014, the Bankruptcy Court declined to hear
the Company's malpractice claims against Proskauer and four of its partners that were filed on November 18, 2013 under the
doctrine of permissive abstention, and on March 11, 2014, the Company re-filed its malpractice claims against such defendants
in the Supreme Court. On April 11, 2014, Proskauer and four of its partners filed a motion to dismiss the malpractice action,
and on September 10, 2014, the Supreme Court denied the motion to dismiss the legal malpractice claim for breach of duty of care
but granted the motion to dismiss the legal malpractice claim for breach of duty of loyalty as subsumed within the duty of care
claim. Proskauer and four of its partners appealed this decision to the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, First Department
and on July 2, 2015, the appellate court affirmed the Supreme Court's denial of Proskauer's motion to dismiss. In
addition, on December 3, 2014, the Company filed a motion with the Supreme Court for partial summary judgment on whether the "joint
and several" liability provisions of certain of the Company's prior loan agreements, which were the focus of the malpractice
action, were unambiguous as a matter of law. The Supreme Court denied that motion as being procedurally premature on July 24,
2015. 

 On May 20, 2015, the Supreme Court issued a scheduling order
for discovery in the Company's malpractice action against Proskauer. Under the terms of that scheduling order, all discovery
was to be completed by April 15, 2016. On October 16, 2015, the parties agreed to extend the deadline for all discovery to be
completed to August 1, 2016, and the Court issued a revised scheduling order. 

 106 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 On February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
with Proskauer and four of its partners to settle the malpractice suit. See Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from
Bankruptcy," for additional information. 

 On March 3, 2016, pursuant to the settlement agreement with
Proskauer, the Supreme Court entered an order discontinuing the Proskauer action with prejudice, which order has become final
and nonappealable. 

 SEC Investigation 

 On November 13, 2012, the Company received from the staff of
the SEC's Division of Enforcement (the "Staff") a request for documents relating to the statements in the Company's
October 22, 2012 Form 8-K. On January 29, 2013, the SEC issued a formal order of private investigation of the Company. The Company
provided documents to the SEC and cooperated fully with the SEC's investigation. 

 On July 25, 2016, the staff of the SEC provided a "Wells
Notice" to the Company's counsel in connection with the above-referenced investigation, advising that the staff had
made a preliminary determination to recommend that the Commission file an enforcement action against the Company. 

 On January 23, 2017, the SEC commenced an administrative proceeding, with the Company's consent, that
fully resolved the SEC's investigation. The Company neither admitted nor denied the SEC's allegations that the Company
violated certain provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and related rules. After receiving Bankruptcy Court approval,
the Company paid a $5 million civil penalty relating to the investigation in February 2017, which was fully accrued as of December
31, 2016. The agreement does not require any further changes to the Company's historical financial statements. Any indemnification
or contribution claims by officers or directors of the Company that could be asserted in connection with the SEC's investigation
have been released or otherwise resolved pursuant to the Equity Plan and order of the Bankruptcy Court. 

 Legal Proceedings Arising in the Ordinary Course of Business 

 The Company is a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to various
suits in the ordinary course of business for monetary relief arising principally from personal injuries (including without limitation
exposure to asbestos and other toxic materials), wrongful death, collision or other casualty and to claims arising under charter
parties. A substantial majority of such personal injury, wrongful death, collision or other casualty claims against the Company
are covered by insurance (subject to deductibles not material in amount). Each of the claims involves an amount which, in the
opinion of management, are not expected to be material to the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. 

 107 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), changes in equity/(deficit) and cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December
31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2), presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion,
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement
schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under
item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on
the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial
statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A company's internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 March 9, 2017 

 108 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 (a) Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures 

 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including
the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based on that evaluation, the Company's CEO
and CFO concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016 to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is
(i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's
rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 (b) Management's
 report on internal control over financial reporting 

 Management of the Company is responsible for the establishment
and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting,
as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. The Company's system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management, with participation of the CEO and CFO, has performed
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based
on the provisions of "Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013)" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Management has concluded the Company's internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016. 

 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the Company's independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 

 (c) Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There was no change in the Company's
internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

 109 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 PART III 

 Dollar amounts in Part III are expressed in whole dollars unless
otherwise noted. 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 See Item 14 below. 

 Executive Officers 

 The table below sets forth the name and age of each executive
officer of the Company and the date such executive officer was elected to his current position with the Company. The term of office
of each executive officer continues until the first meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company immediately following the
next annual meeting of its stockholders, and until the election and qualification of his or her successor. There is no family
relationship between the executive officers. 

 Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 Held 
 
 Has
 Served as 
 Such 
 Since 

 Samuel H. Norton 
 
 58 
 
 President and CEO 
 
 December 2016 
 
 Christopher Wolf 
 
 55 
 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 2016 
 
 Susan Allan 
 
 54 
 
 Vice President,
 Secretary and General Counsel 
 
 November 2016 
 
 Patrick O'Halloran 
 
 47 
 
 Vice President
 and Chief Operations Officer 
 
 December 2016 
 
 Damon Mote 
 
 49 
 
 Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 December 2016 

 Samuel H. Norton was appointed CEO and
President of OSG in December 2016. Prior to this, he served as Senior Vice President of OSG and President and CEO of the U.S.
Flag Strategic Business Unit from July 2016 and has served on the Company's Board of Directors since August 2014. Prior
to joining OSG, Mr. Norton Co-Founded SeaChange Maritime, LLC in 2006 and served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Norton spent the seventeen-year period ending July 2005 as a senior executive officer at Tanker Pacific Management (Singapore)
Pte. Ltd. In 1995, Mr. Norton initiated and led the entry of the Sammy Ofer Group into the container segment, and acquired and
operated the first container vessels in the group's fleet. While at Tanker Pacific, Mr. Norton also conceived and started a related
business, Tanker Pacific Offshore Terminals (TPOT), which owns and operates a fleet of floating, offshore oil storage terminals
(FSO). Prior to joining the Ofer group, Mr. Norton played a lead role in the Asian distressed assets group of the First National
Bank of Boston, a position which acquainted him with the shipping industry and the Ofer family. Mr. Norton holds a BA in Chinese
Language and Literature from Dartmouth College where he graduated in 1981. 

 Christopher Wolf was appointed
as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OSG in December 2016. Mr.
Wolf has extensive experience as a Chief Financial Officer, having served in this role at several companies--both publicly-listed
as well as privately-owned--including most recently at Higher One Holdings, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of technology-based
refund disbursement, payment processing and data analytics services to higher education institutions and students, where he worked
from 2013 to 2016. Earlier in his career, Mr. Wolf was a Chief Financial Officer at Acxiom Corporation and Catalina Marketing.
He began his career at Arthur Andersen, LLP. Mr. Wolf has a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Florida State University
and a Master of Accounting from the University of North Carolina. He is a licensed CPA. 

 Susan Allan joined OSG in November 2016
as OSG's Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Ms. Allan has extensive experience in corporate governance and
SEC matters from her positions as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Secretary at Jabil Circuit, Inc. since 2009, and as Director,
Senior Counsel at Tech Data Corporation from 1997 to 2009. Prior to that, Ms. Allan worked as Director, Senior Counsel at Anchor
Glass Container, as an Assistant County Attorney in the Hillsborough County Attorney's Office, and as an associate attorney at
Barkan and Neff law firm, all in Tampa. Ms. Allan received her law degree from the University of Southern California Gould School
of Law in Los Angeles and her undergraduate degree from George Mason University. 

 Patrick O'Halloran was appointed
as Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of all operations, maintenance, SQE and
commercial operations for the Company's Fleet. Most recently, Mr. O'Halloran served as Vice President Marine Operations
for the Company since December 2014. Mr. O'Halloran joined OSG in November 2006 as Fleet Manager as part of the acquisition
of Maritrans Inc., where he served as Fleet Maintenance Manager. He joined Maritrans, Inc. in 2002 as Technical Superintendent.
Prior to joining Maritrans, Mr. O'Halloran was a Surveyor for the American Bureau of Shipping for ten years. Mr. O'Halloran
holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from State University of New York Maritime College and a
Master's in Business Administration from the University of South Florida. He sits on the Board of Directors for Alaska Tanker
Company LLC, and the Chamber of Shipping of America. 

 110 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 Damon Mote was appointed as Vice President
and Chief Administrative Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of the Company's marine labor relations, human resources,
and insurance functions. Most recently, Mr. Mote served as Vice President of Marine Labor Relations since December 2014. Mr. Mote
joined the Company in 2004 as Manager, Major Projects and then served as Director, New Construction beginning in 2006. In 2011
he was appointed as the Regional Manager of the Technical Services Group, which included responsibilities for engineering, purchasing,
and the fleet management software system. Prior to joining OSG, he worked for fourteen years with Crowley Maritime. Mr. Mote holds
a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from California Maritime Academy. 

 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

 The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics
which is an integral part of the Company's business conduct compliance program and embodies the commitment of the Company
and its subsidiaries to conduct operations in accordance with the highest legal and ethical standards. The Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics applies to all of the Company's officers, directors and employees. Each is responsible for understanding and
complying with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company also has an Insider Trading Policy which prohibits the Company's
directors and employees from purchasing or selling securities of the Company while in possession of material nonpublic information
or otherwise using such information for their personal benefit. The Insider Trading Policy also prohibits the Company directors
and employees from hedging their ownership of securities of the Company. In addition, the Company has an Anti-Bribery and Corruption
Policy which memorializes the Company's commitment to adhere faithfully to both the letter and spirit of all applicable
anti-bribery legislation in the conduct of the Company's business activities worldwide. The Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, the Insider Trading Policy and the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy are posted on the Company's website, which
is www.osg.com, and are available in print upon the request of any stockholder of the Company. The Company's website and
the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 See Item 14 below. 

 ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The following table provides information as of December 31,
2016 with respect to the Company's equity compensation plans, which have been approved by the Company's shareholders.
For a description of the material features of the Company's equity compensation plans, see Note 14, "Capital Stock
and Stock Compensation," to the consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data." 

 Number of Securities to be issued upon 
 exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants 
 and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for 
 future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,114,103 
 6.69 
 3,641,791 * 

 * Consists
 of 3,471,605 Class A shares eligible to be granted under the Company's 2014 Management
 Incentive Compensation Plan and 170,186 shares under the 2014 Non-Employee Director Incentive
 Compensation Plan. 

 111 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 See also Item 14 below. 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 See Item 14 below. 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

 Except for the table in Item 12 above, the information called
for under Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed by the
Company in connection with its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

 PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

 (a)(1) 
 The following consolidated
 financial statements of the Company are filed in response to Item 8. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31,
 2016 and 2015. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the
 Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
 Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm. 

 (a)(2) 
 I Condensed Financial Information of Parent Company 

 All other schedules of the Company have
 been omitted since they are not applicable or are not required. 

 (a)(3) 
 The following exhibits are included in response
 to Item 15(b): 

 2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, by and between Overseas Shipholding
 Group, Inc. and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the
 Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant
 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.1 
 Class A Warrant Agreement, dated as of August
 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.2 
 Form of Class A Warrant Certificate (included
 in Exhibit 4.1). 

 4.3 
 Class B Warrant Agreement, dated as of August
 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A, as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.4 
 Form of Class B Warrant Certificate (included
 in Exhibit 4.3). 

 112 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 4.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated as of May 2, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Registrant's
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.6 
 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated as of May 26, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Registrant's
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.7 
 Indenture dated as of March 7, 2003 between the Registrant
 and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, providing for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time to
 time (filed as Exhibit 4(e)(1) to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 5, 2003 and incorporated
 herein by reference). Such Indenture is hereby modified, effective as of January 13, 2004, by deleting all references
 therein to "Wilmington Trust Company", "March 7, 2003" and any specific day, month and/or year
 and substituting therefore blank spaces. 

 4.8 
 Form of First Supplemental Indenture dated as
 of February 19, 2004 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.9 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August
 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant's Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.10 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August
 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant's Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 4.11 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December
 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50% Senior Notes I due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company,
 as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

 4.12 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December
 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50% Senior Notes II due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company,
 as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated
 herein by reference) 

 4.13 
 Indenture dated as of March 29, 2010, between
 the Registrant and the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time
 to time (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 29, 2010 and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

 4.14 
 Form of 8 1/8% Senior Notes due 2018 of the
 Registrant (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 29, 2010 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

 4.15 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December
 16, 2015, relating to the 8.125% Senior Notes due 2018, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York
 Mellon, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.1 
 ABL Credit Agreement dated as of August 5, 2014,
 among the Registrant, OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. ("OBS"), certain subsidiaries of OBS as other guarantors, various lenders,
 Jefferies Finance LLC, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers,
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as co-documentation
 agents, Jefferies Finance LLC, as syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and mortgage
 trustee, swingline lender and issuing bank (the "ABL Credit Agreement") (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.2 
 First Amendment, dated as of June 3, 2015, to
 the ABL Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2015 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.3 
 DTL Credit Agreement dated as of August 5, 2014,
 among the Registrant, OBS, certain subsidiaries of OBS as other guarantors, various lenders, Jefferies Finance LLC, Barclays
 Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers, Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative
 agent, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as co-documentation agents, Jefferies Finance LLC, as syndication agent,
 collateral agent and mortgage trustee (the "DTL Credit Agreement") (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 113 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 10.4 
 First Amendment, dated as
 of June 3, 2015, to the DTL Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
 dated June 9, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.5 
 Supplemental Executive Savings
 Plan of the Registrant dated as of December 22, 2005, as amended by Amendment One effective as of January 1, 2006 (filed as
 Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2008 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.6 
 Form of Director Indemnity Agreement for the
 directors of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August
 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.7 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy for
 Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2010 and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.8 
 Engagement letter dated as of November 1, 2012
 by and between the Registrant and Greylock Partners, LLC (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated November 14, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.9 
 Engagement letter dated as of August 6, 2014
 by and between Registrant and Greylock Partners, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to Registrant's Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.10 
 Severance Plan of the Registrant effective April
 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

 *10.11 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (filed
 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.12 
 Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation
 Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

 *10.13 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock
 Option Grant Agreement (Subject to shareholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form
 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.14 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock
 Option Grant Agreement (Not subject to shareholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.15 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted
 Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Subject to shareholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.16 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted
 Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Not subject to shareholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Current Report
 on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.17 
 Form of Officers Indemnity Agreement for the
 officers of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.18 
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29,
 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.19 
 Employment Agreement dated
 as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report
 on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.20 
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29,
 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.21 
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29,
 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 114 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 *10.22 
 Employment Agreement dated
 as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant's Annual Report
 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.23 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 2, 2015 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the
 Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.24 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 19,
 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.25 
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 20,
 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.26 
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 13,
 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
 year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.27 
 Letter Agreement dated as of August 31, 2015
 between the Registrant and a former director (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.28 
 Letter Agreement dated as of August 31, 2015
 between the Registrant and a former director (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
 the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.29 
 Letter Agreement dated March 22, 2013 with an
 executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 22, 2013
 and incorporated herein by reference) (superseded by the Letter Agreement dated August 11, 2014, filed as Exhibit 10.32 hereto).

 *10.30 
 Letter Agreement dated August 11, 2014 with
 an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014
 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.31 
 Settlement, Release and Indemnity Agreement
 dated as of February 3, 2015 between the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit
 10.27 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.32 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.33 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the
 Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.34 
 Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 7, 2016
 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.35 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.36 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 115 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 *10.37 
 Amendment No. 3 dated as
 of November 7, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.38 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.39 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the
 Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.40 
 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2016 with
 an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

 *10.41 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.42 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.43 
 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2016 with
 an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

 *10.44 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.45 
 Separation Agreement dated July 29, 2016 between
 the Registrant and a former executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.46 
 Employment Agreement dated as of July 17, 2016
 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
 ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.47** 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 10,
 2016 between the Registrant and an executive. 

 *10.48** 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 29,
 2016 between the Registrant and an executive. 

 *10.49** 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated
 as of December 12, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive. 

 10.50 
 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of November
 30, 2016, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 10.51 
 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of November
 30, 2016, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's
 Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 *10.52 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management
 Incentive Comprehensive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

 116 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 21** 

 List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

 23.1 ** 
 Consent of Independent Registered
 Public Accounting Firm. 

 31.1 ** 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant
 to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

 31.2 ** 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant
 to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

 32 ** 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and
 Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. 

 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document. 

 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema. 

 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

 (1) 
 The Exhibits marked with
 one asterisk (*) are a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 

 (2) 
 The Exhibits which have not
 previously been filed or listed are marked with two asterisks (**). 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None 

 117 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

 Date: March 9, 2017 

 OVERSEAS
 SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

 By: 
 /s/
 CHRISTOPHER WOLF 

 Christopher Wolf 

 Senior Vice President 

 and Chief Financial
 Officer 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. Each of such persons appoints Samuel H. Norton and Christopher Wolf, and each of them, as his agents and attorneys-in-fact,
in his name, place and stead in all capacities, to sign and file with the SEC any amendments to this report and any exhibits and
other documents in connection therewith, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact or either of them may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this power of attorney. 

 Name 
 
 Date 

 /s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Samuel
 H. Norton, Principal 

 Executive
 Officer and Director 

 /s/
 CHRISTOPHER WOLF 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Christopher
 Wolf, Principal 

 Financial
 Officer and 

 Principal
 Accounting Officer 

 /s/
 DOUGLAS D. WHEAT 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Douglas
 D. Wheat, Director 

 /s/
 TIMOTHY BERNLOHR 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Timothy
 Bernlohr, Director 

 /s/
 JOSEPH I. KRONSBERG 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Joseph
 I. Kronsberg, Director 

 /s/
 RONALD STEGER 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Ronald
 Steger, Director 

 /s/
 CHAD L. VALERIO 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Chad
 L. Valerio, Director 

 /s/
 GARY EUGENE TAYLOR 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Gary
 Eugene Taylor, Director 

 /s/
 TY E. WALLACH 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Ty
 E. Wallach, Director 

 /s/GREGORY
 A. WRIGHT 
 
 March 9, 2017 
 
 Gregory
 A. Wright, Director 

 118 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. 

 CONDENSED BALANCE
SHEETS 

 AT DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 2016 
 2015 
 
 ASSETS 

 Current Assets: 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 74,383 
 $ 15,395 
 
 Restricted cash 
 7,272 
 10,583 
 
 Income taxes recoverable 
 199 
 719 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 966 
 1,115 
 
 Total Current Assets 
 82,820 
 27,812 
 
 Restricted cash 
 8,572 
 - 
 
 Investments in subsidiaries 
 398,586 
 502,521 
 
 Intercompany receivables 
 809 
 2,012 
 
 Other assets 
 146 
 145 
 
 Receivable due from and investments in INSW - Discontinued Operations 
 47 
 1,388,631 
 
 Total Assets 
 $ 490,980 
 $ 1,921,121 

 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

 Current Liabilities: 

 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 $ 10,324 
 $ 12,905 
 
 Income taxes payable 
 163 
 50 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 
 10,487 
 12,955 
 
 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 
 3,129 
 2,520 
 
 Long-term debt 
 80,896 
 116,426 
 
 Deferred income taxes 
 141,457 
 208,195 
 
 Intercompany payables 
 679 
 537 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 236,648 
 340,633 

 Equity: 

 Common stock - Class A ($0.01 par value; 166,666,666
 shares authorized; 70,271,172 and 60,775,943 shares issued and outstanding) 
 702 
 3,646 
 
 Common stock - Class B ($0.01 par value; 1,321,134
 shares authorized; 1,232,247 shares issued and outstanding in 2015 
 - 
 74 
 
 Paid-in additional capital 
 583,526 
 1,651,511 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (321,736 ) 
 (1,282 ) 

 262,492 
 1,653,949 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (8,160 ) 
 (73,461 ) 
 
 Total Equity 
 254,332 
 1,580,488 
 
 Total Liabilities and Equity 
 $ 490,980 
 $ 1,921,121 

 See notes to condensed financial statements 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING
GROUP, INC. 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) 

 FOR THE YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Operating Expenses 

 General and administrative 
 $ 698 
 $ 935 
 $ 9,435 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 698 
 935 
 9,435 
 
 Equity in (loss)/income subsidiaries 
 (63,698 ) 
 47,534 
 59,808 
 
 Operating (loss)/income from continuing operations 
 (64,396 ) 
 46,599 
 50,373 
 
 Other (expense)/income 
 (2,363 ) 
 (26,511 ) 
 1,511 

 (Loss)/income from continuing operations before interest expense, reorganization
 items and income taxes 
 (66,759 ) 
 20,088 
 51,884 
 
 Interest expense 
 (10,323 ) 
 (32,669 ) 
 (160,461 ) 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before reorganization items and income taxes 
 (77,082 ) 
 (12,581 ) 
 (108,577 ) 
 
 Reorganization items, net 
 10,925 
 (7,888 ) 
 (150,189 ) 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 
 (66,157 ) 
 (20,469 ) 
 (258,766 ) 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 65,098 
 101,034 
 115,560 
 
 Net (loss)/income from continuing operations 
 (1,059 ) 
 80,565 
 (143,206 ) 
 
 Net (loss)/income for discontinued operations 
 (292,555 ) 
 203,395 
 (9,067 ) 
 
 Net (loss)/income 
 (293,614 ) 
 283,960 
 (152,273 ) 

 Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: 

 Change in unrealized losses on cash flow hedges 
 10,311 
 6,927 
 (2,284 ) 
 
 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: 

 Net change in unrecognized transition obligation 
 - 
 - 
 4 
 
 Net change in unrecognized prior service cost 
 (60 ) 
 (211 ) 
 (77 ) 
 
 Net change in unrecognized actuarial losses 
 (3,295 ) 
 3,203 
 (11,679 ) 
 
 Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
 6,956 
 9,919 
 (14,036 ) 
 
 Comprehensive (Loss)/Income 
 $ (286,658 ) 
 $ 293,879 
 $ (166,309 ) 

 See notes to condensed financial statements 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
OF PARENT 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating
 activities 
 $ 202,989 
 $ 162,118 
 $ (84,829 ) 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

 Change in restricted cash 
 (5,261 ) 
 42,502 
 (53,085 ) 
 
 Contributions to subsidiaries 
 - 
 (1,633 ) 
 (14,316 ) 
 
 Distributions from subsidiaries 
 51,832 
 25,000 
 392,414 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 46,571 
 65,869 
 325,013 

 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

 Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 1,510,000 
 
 Purchases of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 (162 ) 
 
 Payments on debt 
 (39,319 ) 
 - 
 (1,335,603 ) 
 
 Extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (326,051 ) 
 - 
 
 Repurchases of common stock and common stock warrants 
 (119,343 ) 
 (3,633 ) 
 - 
 
 Cash dividends paid 
 (31,910 ) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Payment on debt of subsidiaries guaranteed by the Parent 
 - 
 - 
 (477,835 ) 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (190,572 ) 
 (329,684 ) 
 (303,600 ) 

 Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 58,988 
 (101,697 ) 
 (63,416 ) 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 15,395 
 117,092 
 180,508 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 $ 74,383 
 $ 15,395 
 $ 117,092 

 See notes to condensed financial statements 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
OF PARENT 

 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

 NOTE A -- BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND DESCRIPTION OF
BUSINESS 

 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (the "Parent")
is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. The condensed financial
information and related notes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12.04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X. This financial information
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.,
and subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company"). 

 The Parent owns 100% of OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. ("OBS"),
which is incorporated in New York State, and OSG Financial Corp., which is incorporated in Delaware. OBS and its subsidiaries
own and operate a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged in the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products in the
U.S. Flag trades. On November 30, 2016 (the "Distribution Date"), the Parent spun off its international business into
a new independent company, International Seaways, Inc. ("INSW"). For additional information regarding the spin-off,
see Note 1, "Basis of Presentation and Description of Business," to the Company's consolidated financial statements
set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 

 NOTE B -- BANKRUPTCY FILING AND EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY 

 On November 14, 2012 (the "Petition Date"), the
Parent and 180 of its subsidiaries (together with OSG, the "Debtors") filed voluntary petitions for reorganization
under Chapter 11 of Title II of the U.S. Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court"). On March 7, 2014, the Debtors filed a plan of reorganization supported by certain
of the lenders under OSG's $1,500,000 credit agreement, dated as of February 9, 2006 (the "Lender Plan"). On
April 18, 2014, the Debtors received a proposal for an alternative plan of reorganization from certain holders of existing equity
interests of OSG, which the Debtors determined to be more favorable to the Debtors' creditors and equity interest holders
than the Lender Plan (the "Equity Proposal"). Accordingly, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a plan of reorganization
that effectuates the terms of the Equity Proposal (as subsequently amended, the "Equity Plan"). The Bankruptcy Court
confirmed the Equity Plan by order entered on July 18, 2014 (the "Confirmation Order"). On August 5, 2014 (the "Effective
Date"), the Equity Plan became effective and OSG emerged from bankruptcy. As of February 10, 2017, none of the original
181 Chapter 11 cases filed remains open. 

 For additional information regarding the Company's emergence
from bankruptcy, see Note 2, "Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy," to the Company's consolidated
financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 

 NOTE C--DEBT: 

 Long-term debt consists of the following: 

 As of December 31, 
 2016 
 2015 
 
 8.125% notes due 2018, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $1,406 and
 $3,514 
 $ 80,213 
 $ 115,450 
 
 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $8 and $9 
 293 
 292 
 
 7.50% notes due 2024 
 390 
 684 

 $ 80,896 
 $ 116,426 

 The aggregate annual principal payments required to be made
on debt over the next five years and thereafter are $81,619 (2018), $301 (2021) and $390 (2024). 

 During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company repurchased
and retired an aggregate principal amount of $294 of its 7.5% notes due 2024 and $37,345 of its 8.125% notes due 2018. The aggregate
loss of $2,463 realized on these transactions during the year ended December 31, 2016, is included in other (expense)/income in
the consolidated statements of operations. The net loss reflects a $784 write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs associated
with the repurchased debt. 

 During 2015 the Parent repurchased and retired an aggregate
principal amount of $326,051 of the above notes. The aggregate net loss of $26,516 realized on these transactions during 2015,
is included in other (expense)/ income in the accompanying condensed statement of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). 

 See Note 9, "Debt," to the Company's consolidated
financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," for additional information
relating to the Parent's debt. 

 NOTE D--RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: 

 The financial statements of the Parent included related party
transactions as presented in the tables below: 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 General and administrative expenses reimbursed to/(by) subsidiaries 

 OSG Ship Management, Inc. 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ 13,215 
 
 International
 Seaways, Inc. - Discontinued Operations (1) 
 (7,838 ) 
 (17,185 ) 
 (20,067 ) 
 
 OSG
 Bulk Ships, Inc. (1) 
 (17,321 ) 
 (11,617 ) 
 (3,556 ) 
 
 Net reduction in general and administrative expenses 
 $ (25,159 ) 
 $ (28,802 ) 
 $ (10,408 ) 

 (1) According to the Shared Services and Cost
 Sharing Agreement and the Cost Sharing Agreement signed by the Parent
 and its subsidiaries, effective August 5, 2014, certain overhead costs paid by the Parent
 on behalf of INSW and OBS are allocated to such subsidiaries. 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 
 
 Equity in income/(loss) of subsidiaries 

 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 $ (63,744 ) 
 $ 47,482 
 $ 59,808 
 
 OSG Financial Corp. 
 46 
 52 
 - 

 $ (63,698 ) 
 $ 47,534 
 $ 59,808 

 On November 30, 2016, the Parent completed the separation of
its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned subsidiary INSW. Income/(loss)
from the discontinued operations of INSW during the eleven months ended November 30, 2016 and the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014 was $(292,555), $203,395 and $(9,067), respectively. For additional information regarding the spin-off, see Note 1, "Basis
of Presentation and Description of Business," and Note 5, "Discontinued Operations," to the Company's
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." 

 For the year ended December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 
 2014 

 Interest income on intercompany loans receivable from OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 $ - 
 $ - 
 $ 1,535 

 Interest income on intercompany loans receivable is included
in other (expense)/income in the statements of operations and comprehensive income/(loss). There was no outstanding intercompany
loan nor accrued interest receivable as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. 

 As of December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 
 
 Intercompany receivables: 

 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 $ 809 
 $ 2,012 

 $ 809 
 $ 2,012 

 Intercompany receivables principally represent outstanding
balances due from the subsidiaries in accordance with the Shared Services and Cost Sharing Agreement and the Cost
Sharing Agreement effective August 5, 2014. 

 As of December 31, 

 2016 
 2015 
 
 Intercompany payables: 

 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 $ 563 
 $ - 
 
 OSG Financial Corp. 
 116 
 537 

 $ 679 
 $ 537 

 During 2016, INSW, OBS, and OSG Financial Corp. paid cash distributions
to the Parent of $202,000, $51,295, and $537, respectively, including earnings distributions of $202,000 from INSW and returns
of capital from OBS of $51,295 and OSG Financial Corp. of $537. The earnings distributions and return of capital distributions
received by the Parent are reflected in the condensed statement of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities and investing
activities, respectively. Supplemental cash flow information for the year ended December 31, 2016 associated with net non-cash
capital transactions aggregating $884,591 were non-cash investing activities, including $895,650 related to the spin-off of INSW. 

 During 2015, INSW and OBS paid cash distributions to the Parent
of $200,000 and $25,000, respectively, including earnings distributions from INSW of $200,000 and a $25,000 return of capital
from OBS. The earnings distributions and the return of capital distributions received by the Parent are reflected in the condensed
statement of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities and investing activities, respectively. Supplemental cash flow
information for the year ended December 31, 2015 associated with net non-cash capital transactions aggregating $1,502 were non-cash
investing activities. Such amounts are not to be settled in cash. 

 On August 5, 2014, concurrent with OSG's Emergence and
as part of the plan of reorganization, OBS and INSW made cash distributions to the Parent of $600,400 and $53,225, respectively,
including cash dividends of $207,986 and $53,255, respectively, and a $392,414 return of capital from OBS. The cash dividends
and the return of capital distributions received by the Parent are reflected in the condensed statement of cash flows as cash
flows from operating activities and investing activities, respectively. In connection with its emergence, the Parent made certain
payments to creditors aggregating $477,835, in its capacity as guarantor of the secured term loans of subsidiaries of INSW, which
are reported as financing activities in the condensed statement of cash flows. 

 In accordance with the Equity Plan, on emergence all amounts,
including the related party loans, then due between Parent and INSW and its subsidiaries and OBS and its subsidiaries were deemed
uncollectible and considered settled through non-cash capital contributions by the Parent. Supplemental cash flow information
for the year ended December 31, 2014 associated with the aforementioned non-cash capital contributions aggregating $611,877 were
non-cash investing activities. 

 Receivables of $47 due from INSW as of December 31, 2016 are
primarily in relation to amounts owed pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, as described in Note 5, "Discontinued
Operations." Receivables of $4,845 due from INSW as of December 31, 2015 were related to the Shared Services and Cost
Sharing Agreement and the Cost Sharing Agreement by and among, OSG, INSW and OBS, effective August 5, 2014. 

 NOTE E --GUARANTEES: 

 See Note 13, "Related Parties," to the Company's
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," for information
relating to Parent guarantees. 

 NOTE F --CONTINGENCIES: 

 See Note 21, "Contingencies," to the Company's
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," for information
with respect to the Parent's contingencies. 

