 
 10-K
 1
 osg-12312018x10k.htm
 10-K

 Document 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Mark One) &#253; ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 &#32; OR &#168; &#32; TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period from __________ to __________. Commission File Number 1-6479-1 OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 13-2637623 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 302 Knights Run Avenue, Tampa, Florida 33602 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant';s telephone number, including area code: 813-209-0600 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Class A Common Stock (par value $0.01 per share) New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#168; No &#253; Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes o No &#253; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#253; No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#253; No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant';s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#253; Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of ";large accelerated filer,"; ";accelerated filer,"; ";smaller reporting company"; and ";emerging growth company"; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company x Emerging growth company o If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No &#253; APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes &#253; No o The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 29, 2018, the last business day of the registrant';s most recently completed second quarter, was $202,241,364, based on the closing price of $3.88 per share of Class A common stock on the NYSE exchange on that date. For this purpose, all outstanding shares of common stock have been considered held by non-affiliates, other than the shares beneficially owned by directors, officers and certain 5% stockholders of the registrant; certain of such persons disclaim that they are affiliates of the registrant. The number of shares outstanding of the issuer';s Class A common stock, as of March 4, 2019: Class A common stock, par value $0.01 &#8211; 85,263,690 shares. Excluded from these amounts are penny warrants, which were outstanding as of March 4, 2019, for the purchase of 3,907,153 shares of Class A common stock without consideration of any withholding pursuant to the cashless exercise procedures. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant';s definitive proxy statement to be filed by the registrant in connection with its 2019 &#32;Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III TABLE OF CONTENTS Available Information i Forward-Looking Statements i Supplementary Financial Information ii Glossary iii PART I Item 1. Business 1 Overview and Recent Developments 1 Fleet Operations 2 Employees 4 Competition 4 Environmental and Security Matters 4 Inspection by Classification Societies 12 Insurance 12 Taxation of the Company 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors 14 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 30 Item 2. Properties 30 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 30 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 30 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant';s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 31 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 34 Item 7. Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 49 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 50 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 111 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 111 Item 9B. Other Information 111 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 112 Item 11. Executive Compensation 113 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 113 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 113 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 113 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 113 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 121 Signatures 122 References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the ";Company";, ";OSG";, ";we";, ";us";, or ";our"; refer to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise is expressly stated, its subsidiaries. A glossary of shipping terms (the ";Glossary";) that should be used as a reference when reading this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found immediately prior to Part I. Capitalized terms that are used in this Annual Report are either defined when they are first used or in the Glossary. All dollar amounts are stated in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. AVAILABLE INFORMATION The Company makes available free of charge through its internet website www.osg.com, &#32;its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ";SEC";). Our website and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The public may also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 (information on the operation of the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330). The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. The Company also makes available on its website its corporate governance guidelines, its code of business conduct, insider trading policy, anti-bribery and corruption policy and charters of the Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Risk Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors. Neither our website nor the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements. In addition, we may make or approve certain statements in future filings with the SEC, in press releases, or oral or written presentations by representatives of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical facts should be considered forward-looking statements. Words such as ";may";, ";will";, ";should";, ";would";, ";could";, ";appears";, ";believe";, ";intends";, ";expects";, ";estimates";, ";targeted";, ";plans";, ";anticipates";, ";goal";, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but should not be considered as the only means through which these statements may be made. Such forward-looking statements represent the Company';s reasonable expectation with respect to future events or circumstances based on various factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company';s operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could cause the Company';s actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in these statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements and consideration should be given to the following factors when reviewing such statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: &#8226; the highly cyclical nature of OSG';s industry; &#8226; market value of vessels fluctuates significantly &#8226; an increase in the supply of Jones Act vessels without a commensurate increase in demand; &#8226; changing economic, political and governmental conditions in the United States or abroad and general conditions in the oil and natural gas industry; &#8226; changes in fuel prices; &#8226; the adequacy of OSG';s insurance to cover its losses, including in connection with maritime accidents or spill events; &#8226; constraints on capital availability; &#8226; public health threats; &#8226; acts of piracy on ocean-going vessels or terrorist attacks and international hostilities and instability; &#8226; the Company';s compliance with 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101 (commonly known as the ";Jones Act";) and the heightened exposure to the Jones Act market fluctuations, including stockholder citizenship requirements imposed on us by the Jones Act; &#8226; reduced diversification following the spin-off from OSG on November 30, 2016 of International Seaways, Inc. (INSW), which owned or leased OSG';s fleet of International Flag vessels; i &#8226; the effect of the Company';s indebtedness on its ability to finance operations, pursue desirable business operations and successfully run its business in the future; &#8226; the Company';s ability to generate sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and to comply with debt covenants; &#8226; changes in demand in specialized markets in which the Company currently trades; &#8226; competition within the Company';s industry and OSG';s ability to compete effectively for charters; &#8226; the Company';s ability to renew its time charters when they expire or to enter into new time charters, to replace its operating leases on favorable terms or the loss of a large customer; &#8226; the Company';s ability to realize benefits from its acquisitions or other strategic transactions; &#8226; the loss of, or reduction in business by, the Company's largest customers; &#8226; refusal of certain customers to use vessels of a certain age; &#8226; the Company's significant operating leases could be replaced on less favorable terms or may not be replaced; &#8226; changes in credit risk with respect to the Company';s counterparties on contracts or the failure of contract counterparties to meet their obligations; &#8226; increasing operating costs, unexpected drydock costs or increasing capital expenses as the Company';s vessels age, including increases due to limited shipbuilder warranties of the consolidation of suppliers; &#8226; unexpected drydock costs for the Company's vessels; &#8226; the potential for technological innovation to reduce the value of the Company';s vessels and charter income derived therefrom; &#8226; the impact of an interruption in, failure or breach of the Company';s information technology and communication systems upon the Company';s ability to operate or a cybersecurity breach; &#8226; the impact of a delay or disruption in implementing new technological and management systems; &#8226; work stoppages or other labor disruptions by the unionized employees of OSG or other companies in related industries or the impact of any potential liabilities resulting from withdrawal from participation in multiemployer plans; &#8226; the Company';s ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees; &#8226; ineffective internal controls; &#8226; the impact of potential changes in U.S. tax laws; &#8226; limitations on U.S. coastwise trade, the waiver, modification or repeal of the Jones Act limitations or changes in international trade agreements; &#8226; government requisition of the Company';s vessels during a period of war or emergency; &#8226; the Company';s compliance with complex laws, regulations and in particular, environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases and ballast water treatment; &#8226; the inability to clear oil majors'; risk assessment process; &#8226; the impact of litigation, government inquiries and investigations; &#8226; the arrest of OSG';s vessels by maritime claimants; &#8226; the Company';s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards; &#8226; market price of the Company's securities fluctuates significantly; &#8226; the Company's ability to sell warrants may be limited and the exercise of outstanding warrants may result in substantial dilution; &#8226; the Company's common stock is subject to restrictions on foreign ownership; &#8226; OSG is a holding company and depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to distribute funds to it in order to satisfy its financial obligations or pay dividends; &#8226; some provisions of Delaware law and the Company';s governing documents could influence its ability to effect a change of control and &#8226; securities analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover the Company';s securities. Investors should carefully consider these risk factors and the additional risk factors outlined in more detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC under the caption ";Risk Factors."; The Company assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and written and oral forward looking statements attributable to the Company or its representatives after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement contained in this paragraph and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC. NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America (";GAAP";). However, the Company has included certain non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, which it believes, provide useful information to both management and readers of this report in measuring the financial performance and financial condition of the Company. These measures do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, may not be ii comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other publicly traded companies, nor should they be construed as an alternative to other titled measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company presents three non-GAAP financial measures: time charter equivalent revenues, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and vessel operating contribution. Time charter equivalent (";TCE";) revenues represent shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. EBITDA represents net income/(loss) from continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry data and forecasts that we have prepared based, in part, on information obtained from industry publications and surveys. Third-party industry publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In addition, certain statements regarding our market position in this report are based on information derived from the Company';s market studies and research reports. Unless we state otherwise, statements about the Company';s relative competitive position in this report are based on our management's beliefs, internal studies and management's knowledge of industry trends. GLOSSARY Unless otherwise noted or indicated by the context, the following terms used in the Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: Articulated Tug Barge or ATB--A tug-barge combination system capable of operating on the high seas, coastwise and further inland. It combines a normal barge, with a bow resembling that of a ship, but having a deep indent at the stern to accommodate the bow of a tug. The fit is such that the resulting combination behaves almost like a single vessel at sea as well as while maneuvering. Ballast -- Any heavy material, including water, carried temporarily or permanently in a vessel to provide desired draft and stability. Bareboat Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. The customer pays all costs of operating the vessel, including voyage and vessel expenses. Bareboat charters are usually long term. b/d--Barrels per day. CERCLA--The abbreviation for the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. Charter--Contract entered into with a customer for the use of the vessel for a specific voyage at a specific rate per unit of cargo (";Voyage Charter";), or for a specific period of time at a specific rate per unit (day or month) of time (";Time Charter";). Classification Societies--Organizations that establish and administer standards for the design, construction and operational maintenance of vessels. As a practical matter, vessels cannot trade unless they meet these standards. Contract of Affreightment or COA--An agreement providing for the transportation between specified points for a specific quantity of cargo over a specific time period but without designating specific vessels or voyage schedules, thereby allowing flexibility in scheduling since no vessel designation is required. COAs can either have a fixed rate or a market-related rate. One example would be two shipments of 70,000 tons per month for two years at the prevailing spot rate at the time of each loading. Crude Oil--Oil in its natural state that has not been refined or altered. Deadweight tons or dwt--The unit of measurement used to represent cargo carrying capacity of a vessel, but including the weight of consumables such as fuel, lube oil, drinking water and stores. Demurrage--Additional revenue paid to the shipowner on its Voyage Charters for delays experienced in loading and/or unloading cargo that are not deemed to be the responsibility of the shipowner, calculated in accordance with specific Charter terms. iii Double Hull--Hull construction design in which a vessel has an inner and an outer side and bottom separated by void space, usually two meters in width. Drydocking--An out-of-service period during which planned repairs and maintenance are carried out, including all underwater maintenance such as external hull painting. During the drydocking, certain mandatory Classification Society inspections are carried out and relevant certifications issued. Normally, as the age of a vessel increases, the cost and frequency of drydockings increase. Exclusive Economic Zone--An area that extends up to 200 nautical miles beyond the territorial sea of a state';s coastline (land at lowest tide) over which the state has sovereign rights for the purpose of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing natural resources. Handysize Product Carrier--A small size Product Carrier of approximately 29,000 to 50,000 deadweight tons. This type of vessel generally operates on shorter routes (short haul). International Energy Agency or IEA -- An intergovernmental organization established in the framework of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development in 1974. Among other things, the IEA provides research, statistics, analysis and recommendations relating to energy. International Maritime Organization or IMO--An agency of the United Nations, which is the body that is responsible for the administration of internationally developed maritime safety and pollution treaties, including MARPOL. International Flag--International law requires that every merchant vessel be registered in a country. International Flag refers to those vessels that are registered under a flag other that of the United States. International Flag vessel--A vessel that is registered under a flag other than that of the United States. Jones Act--U.S. law that applies to port-to-port shipments within the continental U.S. and between the continental U.S. and Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, and Guam, and restricts such shipments to U.S. Flag Vessels that are built in the United States and that are owned by a U.S. company that is more than 75% owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, set forth in 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101. Jones Act Fleet--A fleet comprised of vessels that comply with the Jones Act regulations. Lightering--The process of off-loading crude oil or petroleum products from large size tankers, typically Very Large Crude Carriers, into smaller tankers and/or barges for discharge in ports from which the larger tankers are restricted due to the depth of the water, narrow entrances or small berths. LNG Carrier--A vessel designed to carry liquefied natural gas, that is, natural gas cooled to -163&#176; centigrade, turning it into a liquid and reducing its volume to 1/600 of its volume in gaseous form. LNG is the abbreviation for liquefied natural gas. MarAd--The Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. Maritime Security Program or MSP--The U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. These vessels are required to trade outside the United States but are eligible for government sponsored business. Under the MSP, participants receive an annual fee in exchange for a guarantee that the vessels will be made available to the U.S. government in the event of war or national emergency. MARPOL--International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto. This convention includes regulations aimed at preventing and minimizing pollution from ships by accident and by routine operations. MR--An abbreviation for Medium Range. Certain types of vessel, such as a Product Carrier of approximately 45,000 to 53,000 deadweight tons, generally operate on medium-range routes. MSP vessels--U.S. Flag vessels that participate in the Maritime Security Program. iv OECD--Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is a group of developed countries in North America, Europe and Asia. OPA 90--OPA 90 is the abbreviation for the U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990. OPEC--Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is an international organization established to coordinate and unify the petroleum policies of its members. P&I Insurance --Protection and indemnity insurance is a form of marine insurance provided by a P&I club. A P&I club is a mutual (i.e., a co-operative) insurance association that provides cover for its members, who will typically be ship-owners, ship-operators or demise charterers. Product Carrier--General term that applies to any tanker that is used to transport refined oil products, such as gasoline, jet fuel or heating oil. Safety Management System or SMS--A framework of processes and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified by ISM (International Safety Management Code), ISO 9001 (Quality Management) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management). Scrapping--The disposal of vessels by demolition for scrap metal. Shuttle Tanker--A tanker, usually with special fittings for mooring, which lifts oil from offshore fields and transports it to a shore storage or refinery terminal on repeated trips. Special Survey--An extensive inspection of a vessel by classification society surveyors that must be completed once within every five-year period. Special Surveys require a vessel to be drydocked. Technical Management or technically managed--The management of the operation of a vessel, including physically maintaining the vessel, maintaining necessary certifications, and supplying necessary stores, spares, and lubricating oils. Responsibilities also generally include selecting, engaging and training crew, and arranging necessary insurance coverage. Time Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel. Subject to any restrictions in the Charter, the customer decides the type and quantity of cargo to be carried and the ports of loading and unloading. The customer pays all voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls, and port charges. The shipowner pays all vessel expenses such as the Technical Management expenses. Time Charter Equivalent or TCE--TCE is the abbreviation for Time Charter Equivalent. TCE revenues, which are voyage revenues less voyage expenses, serve as an industry standard for measuring and managing fleet revenue and comparing results between geographical regions and among competitors. Ton-mile demand--A calculation that multiplies the average distance of each route a tanker travels by the volume of cargo moved. The greater the increase in long haul movement compared with shorter haul movements, the higher the increase in ton-mile demand. U.S. Flag fleet -- Our Jones Act Fleet together with our MSP vessels. U.S. Flag vessel--Is a vessel that must be crewed by U.S. sailors, and owned and operated by a U.S. company. Vessel Expenses--Includes crew costs, vessel stores and supplies, lubricating oils, maintenance and repairs, insurance and communication costs associated with the operations of vessels. Voyage Charter--A Charter under which a customer pays a transportation charge for the movement of a specific cargo between two or more specified ports. The shipowner pays all voyage expenses, and all vessel expenses, unless the vessel to which the Charter relates has been time chartered in. The customer is liable for Demurrage, if incurred. Voyage Expenses--Includes fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions paid by the Company under Voyage Charters. These expenses are subtracted from shipping revenues to calculate Time Charter Equivalent revenues for Voyage Charters. v PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries own and operate a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged in the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trades. The Company manages its fleet through two wholly owned subsidiaries. At December 31, 2018, the Company owned or operated a fleet of 21 vessels totaling an aggregate of approximately 900,000 deadweight tons (";dwt";). Additional information about the Company';s fleet, including its ownership profile, is set forth under ";Fleet Operations-- Fleet Summary,"; as well as on the Company';s website, www.osg.com. Neither our website nor the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except to the extent otherwise included herein. OSG primarily charters its vessels to customers for voyages for specific periods of time at fixed daily amounts through time charters. The Company also charters its vessels for specific voyages at spot rates. Spot market rates are highly volatile, while time charter rates provide more predictable streams of time charter equivalent (";TCE";) revenues because they are fixed for specific periods of time. For a more detailed discussion on factors influencing spot and time charter markets, see ";Fleet Operations--Commercial Management"; below. In August 2014, OSG emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy pursuant to a plan of reorganization approved by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware. See Note 2 to our Financial Statements for further information regarding our bankruptcy proceedings. Strategy We seek to maximize stockholder value by generating strong cash flows through the combination of contracted time charter revenues and opportunistically trading vessels in the spot market; actively managing the size and composition of our fleet over the course of market cycles to increase investment returns and available capital; and entering into value-creating transactions, including acquisitions of competitive or adjacent businesses. The key elements of our strategy are to: &#8226; Generate strong cash flows by capitalizing on our leading Jones Act market position, complementary time charter and spot market exposures, and long-standing customer relationships; &#8226; Emphasize the quality of our operations and adhere to the highest safety standards attainable; and &#8226; Seek out opportunities to increase scale and drive cost efficiencies through a disciplined approach to investment in core and adjacent asset classes to maximize return on capital across market cycles. We believe we are well-positioned to generate strong cash flows by identifying and taking advantage of attractive chartering opportunities in the U.S. market. We currently operate one of the largest tanker fleets in the U.S. Flag market, with a strong presence in all major U.S. coastwise trades. Our market position allows us to maintain long-standing relationships with many of the largest energy companies, which in some cases date back many decades. We consider attaining the stability of cash flow offered by medium-term charters to be a fundamental characteristic of the objectives of our chartering approach. However, considerations about the appropriate amount of capacity to remain active in the spot market are a regular management discussion point and balancing time charter coverage with spot market exposure in an uncertain demand environment is a persistent challenge. Over time, we will pursue an overall chartering strategy that seeks to cover the majority of available operating days with medium-term time charters. A policy of medium-term charters may not be profitable nor prove achievable under certain market conditions. As such, during periods of uncertainty in the markets within which we operate, more of our vessels will be exposed to the more volatile and less predictable spot market with a corresponding impact on the visibility and amount of revenue which our vessels may earn. We believe that OSG has a good standing in the community of our customers, our peers and our regulators, with a long established reputation for a focus on maintaining the highest standards in both protecting the environment and maintaining the health and safety of all of our employees. We believe that continued improvement in these areas is important not only to the constituents directly affected, but equally as important in sustaining a key differentiating competitive factor amongst the customers whom we serve. We plan to actively manage the size and composition of our fleet through opportunistic acquisitions and dispositions of vessel assets as part of our effort to achieve attractive returns on capital. Using our commercial, financial and operational expertise, we seek to opportunistically grow our fleet through the timely and selective acquisition of high-quality secondhand vessels or 1 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. new-build contracts when we believe those acquisitions will result in attractive returns on invested capital and increased cash flow. We also intend to engage in opportunistic dispositions or repurposing of our vessel assets where we can achieve attractive values relative to their anticipated future earnings from operations as we assess market cycles and requirements. Taken together, we believe these activities will help us to maintain a diverse, high-quality and modern fleet of crude oil, refined product, and potentially other U.S. Flag vessels with an enhanced return on invested capital. We believe our diverse and versatile fleet, our experience and our long-standing relationships with participants in the crude and refined product shipping industry, position us to identify and take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities in any vessel class and in the U.S. Flag market. Customers OSG';s customers include major independent oil traders, refinery operators and U.S. and international government entities. The Company';s top two customers comprised 23% of shipping revenues during the year ended December 31, 2018 . The customers and their related percentage of revenues are as follows: Shell (12%) and Petrobras America Inc. (11%). See Note 3 - ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Concentration of Credit Risk,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for further information regarding the Company';s customers for 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 . FLEET OPERATIONS Fleet Summary As of December 31, 2018 , OSG';s operating fleet consisted of 21 vessels, 11 of which were owned, with the remaining vessels chartered-in. Vessels chartered-in are on Bareboat Charters. Vessels Owned Vessels Chartered-In Total at December 31, 2018 Vessel Type Number Number Total Vessels Total dwt (2) Handysize Product Carriers (1) 4 10 14 664,490 Refined Product ATBs 5 -- 5 141,612 Lightering ATBs 2 -- 2 91,112 Total Operating Fleet 11 10 21 897,214 (1) Includes two owned shuttle tankers, one chartered-in shuttle tanker and two owned U.S. Flag Product Carriers that trade internationally. (2) Total dwt is defined as aggregate deadweight tons for all vessels of that type. Commercial Management Time-Charter Market The Company';s operating fleet currently includes a number of vessels that operate on time charters. Within a contract period, time charters provide a predictable level of revenues without the fluctuations inherent in spot-market rates. Once a time charter expires, however, the ability to secure a new time charter may be uncertain and subject to market conditions at such time. Time charters constituted 58% of the Company's shipping revenues in 2018, 68% in 2017 and 80% in 2016 and 65% of the Company';s TCE revenues in 2018 , 74% in 2017 &#32;and 83% in 2016 . Spot Market Voyage charters constituted 42% of the Company's shipping revenues in 2018, 32% in 2017 and 20% in 2016 and 35% of the Company';s aggregate TCE revenues in 2018 , 26% in 2017 &#32;and 17% in 2016 . Accordingly, the Company';s shipping revenues are affected by prevailing spot rates for voyage charters in the markets in which the Company';s vessels operate. Spot market rates are highly volatile because they are determined by market forces including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such as crude oil or petroleum products), volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available tonnage both at the time such tonnage is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based inventories of crude oil and refined products. 2 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Seasonal trends affect oil consumption and consequently vessel demand. While trends in consumption vary with seasons, peaks in demand quite often precede the seasonal consumption peaks as refiners and suppliers try to anticipate consumer demand. The timing of peaks in oil demand vary within the markets in which we operate. Available tonnage is affected over time, by the volume of newbuilding deliveries, the number of tankers used to store clean products and crude oil, and the removal (principally through scrapping or conversion) of existing vessels from service. Scrapping is affected by the level of freight rates, scrap prices, vetting standards established by charterers and terminals and by U.S. governmental regulations that establish maintenance standards. Voyage charters include COAs on four vessels. Changes in the percentage contributions are therefore affected by Delaware Bay lightering volumes. In addition, as ships come off of their time charters, they may be forced into short-term trades. Business Segment The Company has one reportable business segment. The Company';s U.S. Flag Fleet consists of 19 owned and chartered-in Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers and ATBs and two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Handysize Product Carriers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. Under the Jones Act, shipping between U.S. ports, including the movement of Alaskan crude oil to U.S. ports, is reserved for U.S. Flag vessels that satisfy Jones Act requirements, including requirements that vessels be constructed in the United States and owned by companies that are more than 75% owned and controlled by U.S. citizens. OSG is one of the largest commercial owners and operators of U.S. Flag vessels and participates in U.S. government programs, including the following: &#8226; Maritime Security Program--Two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. Each of the vessel owning companies with a ship that participates in the program receives an annual subsidy that is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such subsidy was $5,000 on one vessel and $4,600 on one vessel in 2018 , $5,400 on one vessel and $4,500 on one vessel in 2017 &#32;and $3,500 on one vessel and $2,700 on one vessel in 2016 . Under the terms of the program, the Company expects to receive up to $5,000 annually for each vessel from 2019 &#32;through 2020, and up to $5,200 for each vessel beginning in 2021. The Company does not receive the subsidy with respect to any days for which one or both of the vessels operate under a time charter to a U.S. government agency, which was the case for one vessel during 2018 . &#8226; Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation (";MarAd";) trading restrictions--Two of the modern U.S. Flag ATBs owned by the Company, which are currently used in the Delaware Bay Lightering activity, had their construction financed with the Capital Construction Fund (";CCF";). As such, daily liquidated damages are payable by the Company to MarAd if these vessels operate in contiguous coastwise trades, which is not permitted under trading restrictions currently imposed by the CCF agreement between MarAd and the Company. There were no liquidated damages incurred during the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016. The Company also has a 37.5% interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC (";ATC";), a joint venture that was formed in 1999 among OSG, Keystone Shipping Company and BP plc (";BP";) to support BP';s Alaskan crude oil transportation requirements. Each member in ATC is entitled to receive its respective share of any incentive charter hire payable by BP to ATC based on meeting certain predetermined performance standards. The Company';s share of the income earned by ATC is recorded in equity in income of affiliated companies and amounted to $3,500 in 2018 , $3,800 in 2017 &#32;and $3,600 in 2016 . Ten of the Handysize product carriers in our U.S. Flag fleet are chartered-in. Those chartered-in vessels provide for the payment of profit share to the owners of the vessels calculated in accordance with the respective charter-in agreements on a 50/50 basis following the funding of certain reserves such as for drydocking and the payment to OSG of a daily management fee and a preferred profit layer. Due to reserve funding requirements, no profits have yet been paid to the owners or are, based on management's current forecast, expected to be paid to the owners in the current calendar year. Technical Management OSG';s fleet operations are managed in-house. In addition to regular maintenance and repair, crews onboard each vessel and shore side personnel must ensure that the Company';s fleet meets or exceeds regulatory standards established by the International Maritime Organization (";IMO";) and U.S. Coast Guard (";USCG";). 3 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company recruits, hires and trains the crews on its U.S. Flag vessels. The Company believes that its mandatory training and education requirements exceed the requirements of the USCG. The Company believes its ability to provide professional development for qualified U.S. Flag crew is necessary in a market where skilled labor shortages are expected to remain a challenge. The U.S. Flag fleet is supported by shore side staff that includes fleet managers, marine and technical superintendents, purchasing and marine insurance staff, crewing and training personnel and health, safety, quality and environmental (";SQE";) personnel. Safety The Company is committed to providing safe, reliable and environmentally sound transportation to its customers. Integral to meeting standards mandated by regulators and customers is the use of robust Safety Management Systems (";SMS";) by the Company. The SMS is a framework of processes and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified to the International Safety Management Code (";ISM Code,";) promulgated by the IMO. To support a culture of compliance and transparency, OSG has an open reporting system on all of its vessels, whereby seafarers can anonymously report possible violations of OSG';s policies and procedures. All open reports are investigated and appropriate actions are taken when necessary. EMPLOYEES As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had approximately 1,061 employees comprised of 989 seagoing personnel and 72 shore side staff. The Company has collective bargaining agreements with three different U.S. maritime unions covering 812 seagoing personnel employed on the Company';s vessels. These agreements are in effect for periods ending between March 2021 and June 2022. Under the collective bargaining agreements, the Company is obligated to make contributions to pension and other welfare programs. COMPETITION OSG';s primary competitors are operators of U.S. Flag oceangoing barges and tankers, operators of rail transportation for crude oil and operators of refined product pipelines systems that transport refined petroleum products directly from U.S. refineries to markets in the United States. In addition, indirect competition comes from International Flag vessels transporting imported refined petroleum products. ENVIRONMENTAL, SAFETY AND SECURITY MATTERS OSG';s vessels are registered in the United States and are subject to the jurisdictional oversight of the United States Coast Guard (";USCG";). In addition, the Company is also subject to compliance with several other government agency regulations including the Environmental Protection Agency (";EPA";), the Maritime Administration of the United States Department of Transportation and the United States Customs and Boarder Protection. The Company vessels are classed with the American Bureau of Shipping (";ABS";) and are subject to the requirements of the classification society in addition to regulatory oversight on behalf of the USCG under various protocols and agreements covering certain statutory survey and certification functions for U.S. flagged vessels. The majority of vessels owned and operated by OSG are engaged in U.S. coastwise trade with some vessels engaged in trade to and from countries outside of the United States. OSG's vessels operate in a highly regulated environment, subject to international conventions and international, national, state and local laws and regulations in force in the countries in which such vessels call upon, significantly affecting the operation of the Company's vessels. Among the more significant of the international conventions to which the United States is signatory are the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (";MARPOL";), the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (";SOLAS";), and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers. Geopolitical reactions to industry related accidents have historically heightened the level of environmental, health, safety and security awareness among various stakeholders, including insurance underwriters, regulators, and charterers, leading to increased regulatory requirements and more stringent inspection regimes on all vessels. In recognition of this heightened awareness, the Company has set appropriate internal controls intended to monitor regulatory developments and to implement measures intended meet the higher expectations of our stakeholders. The Company is required to maintain operating standards for all its vessels emphasizing operational safety and quality, environmental stewardship, preventive planned maintenance, continuous training of its officers and crews and compliance with international and United States regulations, including regular and rigorous in-house inspections and audits. In addition, a variety of governmental and private entities subject the Company's vessels to both scheduled and unscheduled inspections. These entities include USCG, local port state control authorities (harbor master or equivalent), coastal states, Classification Societies and customers, particularly major oil companies and petroleum terminal operators. Certain of these entities require OSG to obtain permits, licenses and certificates for the operation of the Company's vessels. Failure to maintain necessary documents or approvals could require OSG to incur substantial costs or temporarily suspend operation of one or more of the Company's vessels. 4 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OSG believes that the operation of its vessels complies with applicable environmental laws and regulations. However, because such laws and regulations are changed frequently, and new laws and regulations impose new or increasingly stringent requirements, OSG cannot predict the cost of complying with requirements beyond those that are currently in force. The impact of future regulatory requirements on operations or the resale value or useful lives of its vessels may result in substantial additional costs in meeting new legal and regulatory requirements. See Item 1A, ";Risk Factors-Compliance with complex laws, regulations, and, in particular, environmental laws or regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases, may adversely affect OSG';s business."; Regulations Preventing Pollution of Seas by Oil The maritime industry is subject to numerous regulations and conventions intended to prevent pollution of the seas from ships. Regulated pollution sources include but are not limited to pollution from oil, hazardous substances, garbage, sewage, ballast water, antifouling paint and biofouling organisms. MARPOL Annex I addresses requirements for the prevention of pollution by oil and oily materials generated in the engine room and from the cleaning of cargo tanks, while MARPOL Annex II addresses requirements for the prevention of pollution by noxious liquid substances (";NLSs";). The United States regulates the shipping industry with an extensive regulatory and liability regime for environmental protection and cleanup of oil spills, consisting primarily of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (";OPA 90";) and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (";CERCLA";). OPA 90 affects all owners and operators whose vessels trade with the United States or its territories or possessions, or whose vessels operate in the waters of the United States, which include the United States territorial sea and the 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone around the United States. CERCLA applies to the discharge of hazardous substances (other than oil) whether on land or at sea. Both OPA 90 and CERCLA impact the Company's operations. OPA 90 amended the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to require owners and operators of vessels to adopt Vessel Response Plans (";VRP";), including marine salvage and firefighting plans, for reporting and responding to vessel emergencies and oil spill scenarios up to a worst case scenario. The requirements also require OSG to identify and ensure, through contracts or other approved means, the availability of necessary private response resources to respond to a worst case discharge. The plans must include contractual commitments with clean-up response contractors and salvage and marine firefighters to ensure an immediate response to an oil spill or vessel emergency. OPA 90 also requires training programs and periodic drills for shore side staff and response personnel and for vessels and their crews. OSG maintains USCG approved VRP's for each of its tank vessels and non-tank vessels, which are valid until August 11, 2022. IMO regulations require owners and operators of vessels to adopt Shipboard Oil Pollution Emergency Plans (";SOPEPs";) including periodic training and drills for response personnel and for vessels and their crews. In addition to SOPEPs, OSG has adopted Shipboard Marine Pollution Emergency Plans (";SMPEPs";), which cover potential releases not only of oil but of any NLSs. The Company's SOPEPs and SMPEPs were reapproved for five years in 2017 and remain valid until August 11, 2022. US Liability Standards and Limits Under OPA 90, vessel owners, operators and bareboat or demise charterers are responsible parties who are liable, without regard to fault, for all containment and clean-up costs and other damages, including property and natural resource damages and economic loss without physical damage to property, arising from oil spills and pollution from their vessels. Currently, the limits of OPA 90 liability with respect to (i) tank vessels with a qualifying double hull are the greater of $2,200 per gross ton or approximately $18.8 million per vessel that is over 3,000 gross tons; and (ii) non-tank vessels, the greater of $1,100 per gross ton or $0.9 million per vessel. The statute specifically permits individual states to impose their own liability regimes for oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries and some states have enacted legislation providing for unlimited liability for discharge of pollutants within their waters. In some cases, states that have enacted this type of legislation have not yet issued implementing regulations defining vessel owners' responsibilities under these laws. CERCLA, which applies to owners and operators of vessels, contains a similar liability regime and provides for cleanup, removal and natural resource damages associated with discharges of hazardous substances (other than oil). Liability under CERCLA is limited to the greater of $300 per gross ton or $5 million. These limits of liability do not apply, however, when the incident is caused by violation of applicable U.S. federal safety, construction or operating regulations, or by the responsible party's gross negligence or willful misconduct. Similarly, these limits do not apply if the responsible party fails or refuses to report the incident or to cooperate and assist in connection with the substance removal activities. OPA 90 and CERCLA each preserve the right to recover damages under existing law, including maritime tort law. 5 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OPA 90 requires owners and operators of vessels to establish and maintain with the USCG evidence of financial responsibility sufficient to meet the limit of their potential strict liability consistent with the previous limits of liability described above under the statute. Under the regulations, evidence of financial responsibility may be demonstrated by insurance, surety bond, self-insurance, guaranty or an alternative method subject to approval by the director of the USCG National Pollution Funds Center. Under OPA 90 regulations, an owner or operator of more than one vessel is required to demonstrate evidence of financial responsibility for the entire fleet in an amount equal only to the financial responsibility requirement of the vessel having the greatest maximum strict liability under OPA 90 and CERCLA. OSG has provided the requisite guarantees and has received certificates of financial responsibility from the USCG for each of its vessels required to have one. OSG has insurance for each of its vessels, with pollution liability insurance in the amount of $1.0 billion, and deductibles ranging from $0.025 million to $0.1 million per vessel per incident. However, a catastrophic spill could exceed the insurance coverage available, in which event there could be a material adverse effect on the Company's business. International Liability Standards and Limits Compensation for oil pollution damage caused by spills from oil tankers is governed by an international regime developed under the auspices of the International Maritime Organization (";IMO";). The original International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage of 1969 (the ";1969 Convention";) was amended in 1992 (the ";1992 Protocol";) and entered into force on May 30, 1996. Many countries have ratified and follow the liability plan adopted by the IMO as set out in the 1969 Convention yet some of these countries have also adopted the 1992 Protocol. Under both the 1969 Convention and the 1992 Protocol, a vessel's registered owner is strictly liable for pollution damage caused in the territorial waters of a contracting state by discharge of persistent oil, subject to certain complete defenses. These conventions also limit the liability of the shipowner under certain circumstances. The 1992 Protocol allows for states party to the 1992 Protocol to issue certificates to ships registered in states which are not party to the 1992 Protocol, so that a shipowner can obtain certificates to both the 1969 and 1992 CLC, even when the ship is registered in a country which has not yet ratified the 1992 Protocol. This is important because a ship which has only a 1969 CLC may find it difficult to trade in a country which has ratified the 1992 Protocol, since it establishes higher limits of liability. These conventions calculate liability in terms of special drawing rights currency values. The figures in this section are therefore converted into U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates on December 31, 2018 and are approximate. Under the 1969 Convention, except where the owner is guilty of actual fault, its liability is limited to $4.2 million for a ship not exceeding 5,000 units of tonnage (a unit of measurement for the total enclosed spaces within a vessel) and $587 per gross ton thereafter, with a maximum liability of $83.5 million. Under the 1992 Protocol, the owner's liability is limited except where the pollution damage results from its personal act or omission, committed with the intent to cause such damage, or recklessly and with knowledge that such damage would probably result. Under the 2000 amendments to the 1992 Protocol, which became effective on November 1, 2003, liability is limited to $6.3 million plus $882 for each additional gross ton over 5,000 for vessels of 5,000 to 140,000 gross tons, and $125.5 million for vessels over 140,000 gross tons, subject to the exceptions discussed above for the 1992 Protocol. Vessels trading in states that are parties to these conventions must provide evidence of insurance covering the liability of the owner. The United States is not a party to the 1969 Convention or the 1992 Protocol. In other jurisdictions where the 1969 Convention has not been adopted, various legislative schemes or common law govern, and liability is imposed either on the basis of fault or in a manner similar to that convention. The Company believes that its protection and indemnity insurance will cover any liability under the plan adopted by the IMO. The International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, 2001, which became effective on November 21, 2008, is a separate convention adopted to ensure that adequate, prompt and effective compensation is available to persons who suffer damage caused by spills of oil when used as fuel by vessels. The convention applies to damage caused to the territory, including the territorial sea, and in its exclusive economic zones, of states that are party to it. While the United States has not yet ratified this convention, vessels operating internationally would be subject to it, if sailing within the territories of those countries that have implemented its provisions. The Company believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. Regulations Preventing Pollution of Seas by Sewage MARPOL Annex IV (";Annex IV";) as well as the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations regulate the discharge of sewage to sea as the &#32;discharge of raw sewage into the sea can create a health hazard, can lead to oxygen depletion and can be an obvious visual pollution 6 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. in coastal areas. Annex IV also includes regulations regarding the ships' equipment and systems for the control of sewage discharge, the provision of port reception facilities for sewage and requirements for survey and certification. The most recent amendment to Annex IV, which came into effect January 1, 2013, introduced the Baltic Sea as the first special area. This amendment prohibits the discharge to sea from passenger ships, except when equipped with an approved treatment plant meeting specific nitrogen and phosphorous removal standards. Sewage discharge is also subject to national and local regulations which set forth further restrictions, in some cases prohibiting the discharge of treated sewage and the establishment of No Discharge Zones (";NDZs";). The most recent NDZ was introduced in Puget Sound in Washington State in 2018, prohibiting the discharge of treated or untreated sewage. OSG vessels are all equipped with Marine Sanitation Devices compliant with regulatory requirements for each type of vessel, has implemented controls to comply with various international, national and state regulatory requirements. The Company believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. If other NDZs are introduced or other new or more stringent requirements relating to sewage discharges by vessels are adopted by the states or countries where OSG operates, compliance may require the Company to incur substantial capital expenditures. Regulations Preventing Pollution of Seas by Garbage MARPOL Annex V, as well as, the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations regulates the prevention of pollution to sea by garbage. These regulations were further revised in 2017 to implement greater restrictions in the type of garbage able to be discharged to sea, added e-waste to the categories of garbage to be collected, stored, processed and disposed of, and required changes to the manner in which garbage is recorded. The Company has implemented all regulatory requirements and believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. Regulations Preventing Air Pollution MARPOL Annex VI (";Annex VI";) addresses air pollution from vessels and sets limits on sulfur oxide (";SOx";) and nitrogen oxide (";NOx";) emissions from ship exhausts including prohibiting deliberate emissions of ozone depleting substances, such as chlorofluorocarbons. Annex VI also regulates shipboard incineration and the emission of volatile organic compounds (";VOCs";) from tankers. Under Annex VI, vessels are subject to further air emission controls within Emission Control Areas (";ECA';s";). Currently designated ECAs are: the Baltic Sea, North Sea, North American and U.S. Caribbean. The North American Emission Control Area (";ECA";) encompasses the area extending 200 miles from the coastlines of the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific coasts and the eight main Hawaiian Islands. The United States Caribbean Sea ECA encompasses water around Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Fuel used by all vessels operating in or transiting through the ECA cannot exceed 0.1% m/m sulfur. More stringent NOx emission Tier III emission limits are applicable to engines installed on ships constructed on or after January 1, 2016 operating in ECAs. The Company believes that its vessels comply with the current requirements of MARPOL Annex V ECAs. If other ECAs are approved by the IMO or other new or more stringent requirements relating to emissions from marine diesel engines or port operations by vessels are adopted by the EPA or the states where OSG operates, compliance could require or affect the timing of fuel costs associated with operating in another ECA. Commencing January 1, 2020, the global sulfur cap for ship operations will be reduced from 3.5% m/m to 0.5% m/m outside ECA';s as legislated by MARPOL Annex VI. In ECAs, the limit will remain at 0.1% m/m. Vessels currently using 3.5% m/m sulfur fuel outside ECA';s must completely consume their inventories prior to December 31, 2019 unless ships are installed with scrubbers to burn high-sulfur bunker fuel and comply with the 0.5% sulfur limit. In July 2011, the IMO further amended Annex VI to include energy efficiency standards for new ships through the designation of an Energy Efficiency Design Index (";EEDI";). The EEDI standards apply to new ships of 400 gross tons or above (except those with diesel-electric, turbine or hybrid propulsion systems). New ships for purposes of this standard are those for which the building contract was placed on or after January 1, 2013; or in the absence of a building contract, the keel of which is laid, or which is at a similar stage of construction, on or after July 1, 2013; or the delivery of which is on or after July 1, 2015. The EEDI standards phase in from 2013 to 2025 and are anticipated to result in significant reductions in fuel consumption, as well as, air and marine pollution. The composition of the Company';s fleet of vessels, as of December 31, 2018, does not include any vessels to which the EEDI standards apply. The EPA has implemented rules comparable to those of Annex VI to increase the control of air pollutant emissions from certain large marine engines by requiring certain new marine-diesel engines installed on U.S. built ships to meet lower NOx standards. EPA Tier 2 standards were phased in beginning in 2004 and generally reduced NOx emissions by 27% and introduced a particulate matter limit (";PM";) for the first time. EPA Tier 3 standards were phased in beginning in 2009 and represented a 50% reduction 7 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. in PM and a 20% reduction in NOx over Tier 2 levels. EPA Tier 4 standards were phased in beginning in 2014 and represented a 90% reduction in PM and 80% reduction in NOx compared to Tier 2 levels and generally required advanced technology such as selective catalytic reduction or exhaust gas recirculation. Adoption of these and emerging standards may require substantial modifications to some of the Company';s existing marine diesel engines and may require the Company to incur substantial capital expenditures if the engines are replaced. The U.S. Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977 and 1990 (";CAA";), requires the EPA to promulgate standards applicable to emissions of volatile organic compounds and other air contaminants. The CAA also requires states to draft State Implementation Plans (";SIPs";), designed to attain national health-based air quality standards in major metropolitan and industrial areas. Several SIPs regulate emissions resulting from tank vessel loading and degassing operations by requiring the installation of vapor control equipment. OSG's vessels are subject to vapor control and recovery requirements for certain cargoes when loading, unloading, ballasting, cleaning and conducting other operations in regulated port areas. All the Company's vessels are equipped with vapor control systems that satisfy these requirements. Although a risk exists that new regulations could require significant capital expenditures and otherwise increase its costs, the Company believes, based upon the regulations that have been proposed to date, no material capital expenditures beyond those currently contemplated and no material increase in costs are likely to be required as a result of the SIPs program. The Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environment Control (";DNREC";) monitors OSG';s U.S. Flag lightering activities within the Delaware River. Lightering activities in Delaware are subject to Title V of the Coastal Zone Act of 1972 and OSG is the only marine operator with a Title V permit to engage in lightering operations. These lightering activities are monitored and regulated through DNREC';s Title V air permitting process. The regulations are designed to reduce the amount of VOCs entering the atmosphere during a crude oil lightering operation through the use of vapor balancing. This defined process has reduced air emissions associated with venting of crude oil vapors to the atmosphere. In accordance with its Title V permit, OSG';s Delaware Lightering fleet is 100% vapor balance capable. In February 2005, the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the ";Kyoto Protocol";) became effective. Pursuant to the Kyoto Protocol, adopting countries are required to implement national programs to reduce emissions of certain gases, generally referred to as greenhouse gases (";GHGs";), which contribute to global warming. The United Nations Climate Change Conference forged a new international framework in December 2015 (the ";Paris Agreement";) that is to take effect by 2020. The Paris Agreement sets a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius and pursuing efforts to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius, to be achieved by aiming to reach a global peaking of greenhouse gas (";GHG";) emissions as soon as possible. To meet these objectives, the participating countries, acting individually or jointly, are to develop and implement successive nationally determined contributions. In 2016, the United States signed the Paris Agreement but, in August 2017, the U.S. State Department officially informed the United Nations of the United States' intent to withdraw. Though the Paris Agreement does not specifically mention shipping, the IMO is committed to developing limits on GHGs from international shipping and is working on proposed mandatory technical and operational measures to achieve these limits. The IMO';s third study of GHG emissions from the global shipping fleet which concluded in 2014 predicted that, in the absence of appropriate policies, greenhouse emissions from ships may increase by 50% to 250% by 2050 due to expected growth in international seaborne trade. In addition to Annex VI, there are regional mandates in ports and certain territorial waters within the European Union (";EU";) regarding reduced SOx emissions. In December 2012, an EU directive that aligned the EU requirements with Annex VI entered into force. These requirements establish maximum allowable limits for sulfur content on 0.1% m/m in fuel oils used by vessels when operating within certain areas and waters and while at berth in EU ports. In 2011, the European Commission established a working group on shipping to provide input to the European Commission in its work to develop and assess options for the inclusion of international maritime transport in the GHG reduction commitment of the EU. The EU Monitoring, Reporting, Verification Regulation (";MRV";) was adopted on April 29, 2015 and creates an EU-wide framework for the monitoring, reporting and verification of carbon dioxide emissions from maritime transport. The MRV requires large ships (over 5,000 gross tons) conducting cargo operations in EU ports commencing January 1, 2018, to collect and later publish verified annual data on carbon dioxide emissions. The Company believes that its vessels are in compliance with these regulations. In the United States., pursuant to an April 2007 U.S. Supreme Court decision, the EPA was required to consider whether carbon dioxide should be considered a pollutant that endangers public health and welfare, and thus subject to regulation under the U.S. Clean Air Act. On December 1, 2009, the EPA issued an ";endangerment finding"; regarding GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In 2015, the EPA issued standards limiting carbon pollution from new and existing fossil fuel-fired power plants and in 2016 found 8 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. that oil and gas sector sources of methane and GHGs from aircraft engines contribute to dangerous climate-changing air pollution. To date, the regulations proposed and enacted by the EPA have not involved ocean-going vessels. In 2011, IMO';s Greenhouse Gas Work Group agreed on Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan (";SEEMP";) development guidelines which entered into force on January 1, 2013. The primary objective of the SEEMP is to improve the overall operating efficiency of a ship through the implementation of optimized methods for energy and fuel savings . An energy efficiency certificate is issued for both new and existing ships of 400 gross tons or above and remains valid throughout its lifetime, until the ship is withdrawn from service, unless a new certificate is issued following a major conversion of the ship or until transfer of the ship to the flag of another state. In 2016, the IMO revised the SEEMP guidelines requiring vessels to implement a ship-specific fuel oil consumption data plan to collect, aggregate and report ship data with regard to annual fuel oil consumption, distance traveled, hours underway and other data required by regulation 22A of MARPOL Annex VI. This requirement takes effect on January 1, 2019 and is to be administered by the USCG for U.S. Flag vessels. The Company believes that its vessels are compliant with the current requirements of Annex VI and the EPA. Additionally, the Company believes for its vessels that operate in the EU, they are compliant with the regional mandates applicable in the EU. Future passage of climate control legislation or other regulatory initiatives by the IMO, EU, United States or other countries where OSG operates that restrict emissions of GHGs could require significant additional capital or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on OSG';s business. Although OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may be material to OSG';s results of operations. Ballast Water Pollution Regulations OSG';s vessels are subject to international, national and local ballast water management regulations. At the international level, the International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships'; Ballast Water and Sediments (";BWM Convention";) was adopted by the IMO in 2004 and it entered into force on September 8, 2017. The BWM Convention is applicable to new and existing vessels that are designed to carry ballast water. It defines a discharge standard consisting of maximum allowable levels of critical invasive species designed to protect the marine environment from the introduction of non-native (alien) species as a result of the carrying of ships'; ballast water from one place to another. As tank vessels must take on ballast water in order to maintain their stability and draft and must discharge the ballast water when they load their next cargo, when emptying the ballast water which they carried from the previous port, they may release organisms and pathogens that have been identified as being potentially harmful in the new environment. This standard will likely be met by installing treatment systems that render the invasive species non-viable. In addition, each vessel flying the flag of a signatory to the BWM Convention will be required to have on board a valid International Ballast Water Management Certificate, a Ballast Water Management Plan and a Ballast Water Record Book. The United States is not a signatory to the BWM Convention, and is not expected to be in the future, since it currently regulates ballast water management under two federal, partially overlapping regulatory schemes. One is administered by the USCG under the National Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990, as amended by the National Invasive Species Act of 1996, and the other is administered by the EPA under the U.S. Clean Water Act (";CWA";). Several U.S. states also have their own supplemental requirements, most notably California whose performance standard for organisms in ballast water discharges is significantly more stringent than any of the other regulatory regimes. Since the U.S. is not a signatory to the BWM Convention, U.S. Flag vessels cannot be issued a Ballast Water Management Certificate. Instead, the American Bureau of Shipping has been authorized to issue a Statement of Voluntary Compliance (";SOVC";) to any U.S. Flag vessel that has an approved Ballast Water Management Plan that contains the information required by the BWM Convention. A SOVC is expected to satisfy the requirements of Port State Control in countries that are a signatory to the BWM Convention, but it is not guaranteed to do so. The discharge of ballast water and other substances incidental to the normal operation of vessels in U.S. ports as noted above is subject to CWA permitting requirements. In accordance with the EPA';s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (";NPDES";), the Company is subject to a Vessel General Permit (";VGP";), which addresses, among other matters, the discharge of ballast water and effluents including the submission of annual reports for each vessel OSG operates. The VGP, which was first issued in 2008 and subsequently reissued in 2013, identifies twenty-six vessel discharge streams and establishes numeric ballast water discharge limits that generally align with the performance standards implemented under USCG';s 2012 final rule and the IMO Convention. It also sets more stringent effluent limits for oil to sea interfaces and exhaust gas scrubber wastewater. The EPA';s phase-in schedule generally matches that of the USCG. The EPA determined that it will not issue extensions under the VGP, but in December 2013 it issued an Enforcement Response Policy (";ERP";) to address this industry-wide issue. In the ERP, the EPA states that vessels that have missed their compliance dates to meet the numeric discharge limits for ballast, but have received an extension from the USCG, are in compliance with all of the VGP';s requirements, other than the numeric discharge limits, and meet certain other requirements, will be considered a low enforcement priority. While OSG believes that any vessel that is or may 9 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. become subject to the VGP';s numeric discharge limits while in a USCG extension period will be entitled to such low priority treatment as per the ERP, no assurance can be given that they will do so. On December 4, 2018, the ";Vessel Incidental Discharge Act"; (";VIDA";) was signed into law and restructures the way EPA and the USCG are to regulate incidental discharges in the future, including prohibiting EPA and individual states from permitting these discharges under the NPDES permitting program. Instead, the discharges will be regulated under a new CWA Section 312(p) program: Uniform National Standards for Discharges Incidental to Normal Operation of Vessels. VIDA is expected to phase out provisions of the VGP and existing USCG regulations over a four-year period, replacing them with EPA-developed National Standards of Performance (";NSPs";) and USCG implementation, compliance and enforcement regulations for those NSPs. In March 2012, the USCG promulgated its final rule on ballast water management for the control of nonindigenous species in U.S. waters. While generally in line with the performance standards set out in the BWM Convention, the final rule requires that treatment systems for domestic and foreign vessels operating in U.S. waters must be type approved by the USCG. The USCG first approved a treatment system in December 2016, and as of December 31, 2018, 14 more systems have been type approved, with additional systems under review. Under this rule, a treatment system is required to be installed (or equivalent method of management employed) by the vessel';s first regularly scheduled drydocking after January 1, 2016. The USCG issued over 14,000 extensions for vessels which generally delayed their compliance dates another five years, including nine OSG vessels. The USCG is unlikely to continue issuing extensions to vessels with original compliance dates in 2019 and later. Therefore, OSG expects to begin installing ballast water treatment systems on its vessels in late 2019 with the final installation in 2023. OSG complies with these regulations through ballast water management plans implemented on each of the vessels it technically manages. To meet existing and anticipated ballast water treatment requirements, including those contained in the BWM Convention, OSG has a fleetwide action plan to comply with IMO, EPA, USCG and possibly more stringent U.S. state mandates as they are implemented and become effective, which may require the installation and use of costly control technologies. The Company anticipates that, in the next several years, compliance with the various conventions, laws and regulations relating to ballast water management that have already been adopted or that may be adopted in the future will require substantial additional capital or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on the Company';s business. Safety of Life at Sea The SOLAS convention addresses the safety of merchant ships. Amendments to the SOLAS conventions come into force yearly and f lag states are responsible for ensuring that ships under their flag comply with its requirements. All of OSG';s vessels are currently flagged under the United States Coast Guard, who in coordination with the classification society, inspect vessels to ensure compliance with SOLAS requirements as well as requirements listed in the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable. Control provisions also allow contracting governments to inspect ships of other contracting states if there are clear grounds for believing that the ship and its equipment do not substantially comply with the requirements of the SOLAS convention - this procedure is known as port state control. Various certificates are prescribed by the SOLAS convention as proof of compliance and issued to vessels by the U.S. Coast Guard and by the classification society on their behalf. The Company believes that its vessels comply with the current requirements of SOLAS, as applicable, to the type of vessel operated. Under the International Safety Management Code (";ISM Code";), promulgated by the IMO, vessel operators are required to develop a safety management system that includes, among other things, the adoption of a safety and environmental protection policy describing how the objectives of a functional safety management system will be met. The Company has a safety management system for its fleet, with instructions and procedures for the safe operation of its vessels, reporting accidents and non-conformities, internal audits and management reviews and responding to emergencies, as well as, defined levels of responsibility. The ISM Code requires the Company to have a Document of Compliance (";DoC";) for the vessels it operates and a Safety Management Certificate (";SMC";) for each vessel it operates. Once issued, these certificates are valid for a maximum of five years. The Company in turn must undergo an annual internal audit and an external verification audit to maintain the DoC. In accordance with the ISM Code, each vessel must also undergo an annual internal audit at intervals not to exceed 12 months and vessels must undergo an external verification audit twice in a five-year period. The Company maintains a DoC which was reissued for five years on September 17, 2017 with requirements for annual audits by the USCG. The Company is also certified to the SQE requirements of the ABS Guide for Marine Health, Safety, Quality, Environmental and Energy Management, which also includes meeting the requirements of the International Standards of Organization in ISO9001:2015 (Quality Management) and ISO14001:2015 (Environmental Management) for the management of operation of oil tankers, chemical tankers and other cargo ships. 10 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The SMC for each vessel is issued after verifying that the company responsible for operating the vessel and its shipboard management operate in accordance with the approved safety management system. No vessel can obtain a certificate unless its operator has been awarded a DoC issued by the administration of that vessel';s flag state or as otherwise permitted under SOLAS. Noncompliance with the ISM Code and other IMO regulations may subject the shipowner or charterer to increased liability, may lead to decreases in available insurance coverage for affected vessels and may result in the denial of access to, or detention in, some ports. For example, the USCG and EU authorities have indicated that vessels not in compliance with the ISM Code will be prohibited from trading to U.S. and EU ports. Other EU Legislation and Regulations The EU has adopted legislation that: (1) bans manifestly sub-standard vessels (defined as those over 15 years old that have been detained by port authorities at least twice in the course of the preceding 24 months) from European waters, creates an obligation for port states to inspect at least 25% of vessels using their ports annually and provides for increased surveillance of vessels posing a high risk to maritime safety or the marine environment, and (2) provides the EU with greater authority and control over Classification Societies, including the ability to seek to suspend or revoke the authority of negligent societies. OSG believes that none of its vessels meet the sub-standard vessel definitions contained in the EU legislation. EU directives require EU member states to introduce criminal sanctions for illicit ship-source discharges of polluting substances (e.g., from tank cleaning operations) which result in deterioration in the quality of water and has been committed with intent, recklessness or serious negligence. Certain member states of the EU, by virtue of their national legislation, already impose criminal sanctions for pollution events under certain circumstances. The Company cannot predict what additional legislation or regulations, if any, may be promulgated by the EU or any other country or authority, or how these might impact OSG. Security Regulations and Practices In 2002, the U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 (";MTSA";) came into effect and the USCG issued regulations in 2003 implementing certain portions of the MTSA by requiring the implementation of certain security requirements aboard vessels operating in waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. Similarly, in July 2004, amendments to SOLAS specifically dealing with maritime security came into effect, imposing various detailed security obligations on vessels and port authorities, most of which are contained in the International Ship and Port Facilities Security Code (the ";ISPS Code";). Among other things, the ISPS Code requires the development of vessel security plans and compliance with flag state security certification requirements. To trade internationally, a vessel must attain an International Ship Security Certificate (";ISSC";) from a recognized security organization approved by the vessel's flag state. All of the Company's vessels have developed and implemented vessel security plans that have been approved by the USCG, have obtained an ISSC and comply with applicable security requirements. The Company monitors the waters in which its vessels operate for pirate activity. Company vessels that transit areas where there is a high risk of pirate activity follow best management practices for reducing risk and preventing pirate attacks compliant with protocols established by the naval coalition protective forces operating in such areas. In recent years, the maritime community has commenced addressing the vulnerability of ship operations to cyber security threats, both at sea and while in port. Exposure to these threats has become pervasive due to the increasing reliance on information and operating technology systems used in the management of ship operations. Because these systems control multiple aspects of ship operations, they become integral parts of system and operational safety. In 2014 IMO';s Maritime Safety Committee (MSC) supported a Canadian and U.S. recommendation to develop voluntary guidelines on maritime cyber security practices. Since then, a wide variety of regulatory requirements and best practice guidance has been generated by industry stakeholders. In December 2016, the USCG published a cybersecurity policy letter regarding the criteria and process for the reporting of suspicious activity and breach of security and added cybersecurity to the list of security items covered by the MTSA. In June 2017, IMO adopted a resolution to encourage member governments to ensure that cyber risks are appropriately addressed in safety management systems no later than the first annual verification on the Company';s DoC after January 1, 2021. OSG may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. Security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security breaches (including the inability of our third-party vendors to prevent security breaches) could also cause existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, cause losses to us or our clients, damage our brand and increase our costs. 11 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. INSPECTION BY CLASSIFICATION SOCIETIES Every oceangoing vessel must be ";classed"; by a Classification Society. The Classification Society certifies that the vessel is ";in class"; signifying that the vessel has been built and maintained in accordance with the rules of the Classification Society and complies with applicable rules and regulations of the vessel';s country of registry and the international conventions of which that country is a member. In addition, where surveys are required by international conventions and corresponding laws and ordinances of a flag state, the Classification Society will undertake them on application or by official order, acting on behalf of the authorities concerned. The Classification Society also undertakes on request, other surveys and checks that are required by regulations and requirements of the flag state. These surveys are subject to agreements made in each individual case and/or to the regulations of the country concerned. Regular and extraordinary surveys of hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and any special equipment classed are required to be performed for a vessel to maintain its class certification. For seagoing ships, annual surveys are conducted for the hull and the machinery, including the electrical plant and where applicable for special equipment classed, at intervals of 12 months from the date of commencement of the class period indicated in the certificate. Intermediate surveys are typically conducted two and one-half years after commissioning and upon each class renewal. Intermediate surveys may be carried out on the second or third annual survey. Vessels are required to dry dock for inspection of the underwater hull at each intermediate survey and at each class renewal survey. For vessels less than 15 years old, Classification Societies permit in water inspections by divers in lieu of dry docking for intermediate surveys, subject to other requirements of such Classification Societies. Class renewal surveys, known as special surveys, are carried out for the ship';s hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and for any special equipment classed, at the intervals indicated by the character of classification for the hull. At the special survey, the vessel is thoroughly examined, including audio-gauging to determine the thickness of the steel structures. Should the thickness be found to be less than class requirements, the Classification Society would prescribe steel renewals. Substantial amounts of money may have to be spent for steel renewals to pass a special survey if the vessel experiences excessive wear and tear. In lieu of the special survey every four or five years, depending on whether a grace period was granted, a shipowner has the option of arranging with the Classification Society for the vessel';s hull or machinery to be on a continuous survey cycle, in which every part of the vessel would be surveyed within a five-year cycle. Upon a shipowner';s request, the surveys required for class renewal may be split according to an agreed schedule to extend over the entire period of class survey period. This process is referred to as continuous class renewal. If defects are found during any survey, the Classification Society surveyor will issue a ";recommendation"; which must be rectified by the vessel owner within prescribed time limits. Most insurance underwriters make it a condition for insurance coverage that a vessel be certified as ";in class"; by a Classification Society that is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies (";IACS";). In December 2013, the IACS adopted new harmonized Common Structure Rules, which will apply to crude oil tankers and dry bulk carriers to be constructed on or after July 1, 2015. All the Company's vessels are currently, and the Company expects will be, certified as being ";in class"; by the American Bureau of Shipping, (";ABS";), a major classification society. All new and secondhand vessels that the Company acquires must be certified prior to their delivery under the Company's standard purchase contracts and memorandum of agreement. If the vessel is not certified on the date of closing, the Company has no obligation to take delivery of the vessel. INSURANCE Consistent with the currently prevailing practice in the industry, the Company presently carries protection and indemnity (";P&I";) insurance coverage for pollution of $1.0 billion per occurrence on every vessel in its fleet. P&I insurance is currently provided by three mutual protection and indemnity associations (";P&I Associations";), all of whom are members of the International Group. The P&I Associations that comprise the International Group insure approximately 90% of the world's commercial tonnage and have entered into a pooling agreement to reinsure each association's liabilities. Each P&I Association has capped its exposure to each of its members at approximately $7.5 billion. As a member of a P&I Association that is a member of the International Group, the Company is subject to calls payable to the P&I Associations based on its claim record as well as the claim records of all other members of the individual Associations of which it is a member, and the members of the pool of P&I Associations comprising the International Group. As of December 31, 2018 , the Company was a member of three P&I Associations. Each of the Company';s vessels is insured by one of these three Associations with deductibles ranging from $0.025 million to $0.1 million per vessel per incident. While the Company has historically been able to obtain pollution coverage at commercially reasonable rates, no assurances can be given that such insurance will continue to be available in the future. The Company carries marine hull and machinery and war risk (including piracy) insurance, which includes the risk of actual or constructive total loss, for all of its vessels. The vessels are each covered up to at least their fair market value, with deductibles ranging from $0.1 million to $0.125 million per vessel per incident. The Company is self-insured for hull and machinery claims in amounts in excess of the individual vessel deductibles up to a maximum aggregate loss of $0.750 million per policy year. 12 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. TAXATION OF THE COMPANY The following U.S. tax law applicable to the Company is based on the provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, existing and U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative rulings, pronouncements and judicial decisions, all as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No assurance can be given that changes in or interpretation of existing laws will not occur or will not be retroactive or that anticipated future circumstances will in fact occur. U.S. Tonnage Tax Regime The Company made an election to have the foreign operations of the Company';s U.S. Flag vessels taxed under a ";tonnage tax"; regime rather than the usual U.S. corporate income tax regime. As a result, the Company';s gross income for U.S. income tax purposes with respect to eligible U.S. Flag vessels does not include (1) income from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e., transportation between the United States and foreign ports or between foreign ports), (2) income from cash, bank deposits and other temporary investments that are reasonably necessary to meet the working capital requirements of qualifying shipping activities, and (3) income from cash or other intangible assets accumulated pursuant to a plan to purchase qualifying shipping assets. The Company';s taxable income with respect to the operations of its eligible U.S. Flag vessels, of which there are two, is based on a ";daily notional taxable income,"; which is taxed at the highest U.S. corporate income tax rate. The daily notional taxable income from the operation of a qualifying vessel is 40 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel up to 25,000 net tons, and 20 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel in excess of 25,000 net tons. The taxable income of each qualifying vessel is the product of its daily notional taxable income and the number of days during the taxable year that the vessel operates in U.S. foreign trade. 13 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock contains a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risk factors before deciding whether to invest in our securities. Our business, including our operating results and financial condition, could be harmed by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in our filings with the SEC, including our financial statements and related notes. Actual dollar amounts are used in this Item 1 A. ";Risk Factors"; section. Risks Related to Our Industry The highly cyclical nature of supply and demand in the industry may lead to volatile changes in charter rates and vessel values, which could adversely affect the Company';s earnings, liquidity and available cash. The marine transportation industry is both cyclical and volatile in terms of charter rates and profitability. Fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values result from changes in supply and demand both for tanker capacity and for oil and oil products. Factors affecting these changes in supply and demand are generally outside of the Company';s control. The nature, timing and degree of changes in industry conditions are unpredictable and could adversely affect the values of the Company';s vessels or result in significant fluctuations in the amount of charter revenues the Company earns, which could result in significant volatility in OSG';s quarterly results and cash flows. Factors influencing the demand for tanker capacity include: &#8226; supply and demand for, and availability of, energy resources such as oil, oil products and natural gas, which affect customers'; need for vessel capacity; &#8226; global and regional economic and political conditions, including armed conflicts, terrorist activities and strikes, that among other things could impact the supply of oil, as well as trading patterns and the demand for various vessel types; &#8226; regional availability of refining capacity and inventories; &#8226; changes in the production levels of crude oil (including in particular production by OPEC, the United States and other key producers); &#8226; changes in seaborne and other transportation patterns, including changes in the distances that cargoes are transported, changes in the price of crude oil and changes to the West Texas Intermediate and Brent Crude Oil pricing benchmarks; &#8226; environmental and other legal and regulatory developments and concerns; &#8226; construction or expansion of new or existing pipelines or railways; &#8226; weather and natural disasters; &#8226; competition from alternative sources of energy; and &#8226; international sanctions, embargoes, import and export restrictions or nationalizations and wars. Many of the factors that influence the demand for tanker capacity will also, in the longer term, effectively influence the supply of tanker capacity, since decisions to build new capacity, invest in capital repairs, or to retain in service older capacity are influenced by the general state of the marine transportation industry from time to time. Factors influencing the supply of vessel capacity include: &#8226; the number of newbuilding deliveries; &#8226; the conversion of vessels from transporting oil and oil products to carrying dry bulk cargo or vice versa; &#8226; the number of vessels that are removed from service, whether via scrapping or conversion to storage or other means; &#8226; availability and pricing of other energy sources such as natural gas for which tankers can be used or to which construction capacity may be dedicated; &#8226; port or canal congestion; and &#8226; environmental and maritime regulations. The market value of vessels fluctuates significantly, which could adversely affect OSG';s liquidity or otherwise adversely affect its financial condition. Jones Act and U.S. Flag vessel market values have, on average, generally declined over the past several years; however the market value of Jones Act vessels has fluctuated over time and is based upon various factors, including: &#8226; age of the vessel; &#8226; general economic and market conditions affecting the tanker industry, including the availability of vessel financing; &#8226; number of vessels in the Jones Act fleet; 14 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. &#8226; types and sizes of vessels available; &#8226; changes in trading patterns affecting demand for particular sizes and types of vessels; &#8226; cost of newbuildings; &#8226; prevailing level of charter rates; &#8226; competition from other shipping companies and from other modes of transportation; and &#8226; technological advances in vessel design and propulsion. The fluctuating market values of the vessels can impact the Company';s liquidity regardless of whether the Company sells the vessels or continues to hold the vessels. For example, if OSG sells a vessel at a sale price that is less than the vessel';s carrying amount on the Company';s financial statements, OSG will incur a loss on the sale and a reduction in earnings and surplus. On the other hand, declining values of the Company';s vessels could adversely affect the Company';s liquidity by limiting its ability to raise cash by refinancing vessels. Even if the Company does not need immediate liquidity from the sale or refinancing of vessels, the Company may experience significant impairment charges upon a decline in vessel value. The Company evaluates events and changes in circumstances that have occurred to determine whether they indicate that the carrying amount of the vessels might not be recoverable. This review for potential impairment indicators and projection of future cash flows related to the vessels is complex and requires the Company to make various estimates, including future freight rates, the markets in which the vessels are expected to operate, earnings from the vessels, market appraisals and discount rates, all of which have historically been volatile. The Company evaluates the recoverable amount of a vessel as the sum of its undiscounted estimated future cash flows. If the recoverable amount is less than the vessel';s carrying amount, the vessel';s carrying amount is then compared to its estimated fair value, which is determined using vessel appraisals or discounted estimated future cash flows. If the vessel';s carrying amount is less than its fair value, it is deemed impaired. The carrying values of the Company';s vessels may differ significantly from their fair market value. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect the Company';s results of operations and financial condition. An increase in the supply of Jones Act vessels without a commensurate increase in demand for such vessels could cause charter rates to decline, which could adversely affect OSG';s revenues, profitability and cash flows, as well as the value of its vessels. The marine transportation industry has historically been highly cyclical, as the profitability and asset values of companies in the industry have fluctuated based on changes in the supply of and demand for vessels. If the number of new ships of a particular class delivered exceeds the number of vessels of that class being scrapped, available capacity in that class will increase. Given the smaller number of tankers operating in the U.S. domestic market, the impact of even a limited increase in capacity supply may negatively affect the market and may have a material adverse effect on OSG';s revenues, profitability and cash flows. OSG conducts certain of its operations internationally, which subjects the Company to changing economic, political and governmental conditions abroad that may adversely affect its business. The Company conducts certain of its operations internationally, and its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by changing economic, political and government conditions in the countries and regions where its vessels are employed. OSG must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials, anti-money laundering laws; and anti-competition regulations. Moreover, the shipping industry is generally considered to present elevated risks in these areas. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on the Company';s business operations and on the Company';s ability to transport cargo to one or more countries, and could also materially affect the Company';s brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international operations, business and operating results. Although OSG has policies and procedures designed to achieve compliance with these laws and regulations, OSG cannot be certain that its employees, contractors, joint venture partners or agents will not violate these policies and procedures. OSG';s operations may also subject its employees and agents to extortion attempts. Changes in fuel prices may adversely affect profits. Fuel is a significant, if not the largest, expense in the Company';s shipping operations when vessels are under voyage charter. Accordingly, an increase in the price of fuel may adversely affect the Company';s profitability if these increases cannot be passed onto customers. The price and supply of fuel is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside the Company';s control, including geopolitical developments; supply and demand for oil and gas; actions by OPEC, and other oil and gas 15 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. producers; war and unrest in oil producing countries and regions; regional production patterns; and environmental concerns. Fuel may become much more expensive in the future, which could reduce the profitability and competitiveness of the Company';s business compared to other forms of transportation. Shipping is a business with inherent risks, and OSG';s insurance may not be adequate to cover its losses. OSG';s vessels and their cargoes are at risk of being damaged or lost because of events including, but not limited to: &#8226; marine disasters; &#8226; bad weather; &#8226; mechanical failures; &#8226; human error; &#8226; war, terrorism and piracy; &#8226; grounding, fire, explosions and collisions; &#8226; business interruptions due to labor strikes, port closings and boycotts and &#8226; other unforeseen circumstances or events. These hazards may result in death or injury to persons; loss of revenues or property; environmental damage; higher insurance rates; damage to OSG';s existing customer relationships and industry reputation; and market disruptions, and delay or rerouting, all of which may also subject OSG to litigation. In addition, the operation of tankers has unique operational risks associated with the transportation of oil. An oil spill may cause significant environmental damage and the associated costs could exceed the insurance coverage available to the Company. Compared to other types of vessels, tankers are also exposed to a higher risk of damage and loss by fire, whether ignited by a terrorist attack, collision, or other cause, due to the high flammability and high volume of the oil transported in tankers. Any of these events could result in loss of revenues, decreased cash flows and increased costs. While the Company carries insurance to protect against certain of these risks, risks may arise against which the Company is not adequately insured. For example, a catastrophic spill could exceed OSG';s $1 billion per vessel insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on its operations. In addition, OSG may not be able to procure adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates in the future, and any particular claim may not be paid by its insurers. In the past, new and stricter environmental regulations have led to higher costs for insurance covering environmental damage or pollution, and new regulations could lead to similar increases or even make this type of insurance unavailable. Furthermore, even if insurance coverage is adequate to cover the Company';s liabilities arising from the loss of a vessel, OSG may not be able to timely obtain a replacement ship. OSG may also be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on its own claim records but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which OSG obtains insurance coverage for tort liability. OSG';s payment of these calls could result in significant expenses which would reduce its profits and cash flows or cause losses. Constraints on capital availability have adversely affected the tanker industry and OSG';s business. Constraints on capital may adversely affect the financial condition of certain of the Company';s customers, financial lenders and suppliers. Entities that suffer a material adverse impact on their financial condition may be unable or unwilling to comply with their contractual commitments to OSG including the refusal or inability of customers to pay charter hire to OSG or the inability or unwillingness of financial lenders to honor their commitments to lend funds. While OSG seeks to monitor the financial condition of its customers, financial lenders and suppliers, the availability and accuracy of information about the financial condition of such entities and the actions that OSG may take to reduce possible losses resulting from the failure of such entities to comply with their contractual obligations may be limited. Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on OSG';s revenues, profitability and cash flows. In addition, adverse financial conditions may inhibit these entities from entering into new commitments with OSG, which could also have a material adverse effect on OSG';s revenues, profitability and cash flows. The Company also faces other potential constraints on capital relating to counterparty credit risk and constraints on OSG';s ability to borrow funds. The Company is subject to credit risks with respect to its counterparties on contracts and any failure by these counterparties to meet their obligations could cause the Company to suffer losses on such contracts, decreasing revenues and earnings"; and "; Risks Related to Our Company - OSG has incurred significant indebtedness which could affect its ability to finance its operations, pursue desirable business opportunities and successfully run its business in the future, all of which could affect OSG';s ability to fulfill its obligations under that indebtedness."; 16 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Public health threats could have an adverse effect on the Company';s operations and financial results. Public health threats and other highly communicable diseases, outbreaks of which have already occurred in various parts of the world near where OSG operates, could adversely impact the Company';s operations, the operations of the Company';s customers and the global economy, including the worldwide demand for crude oil and the level of demand for OSG';s services. Any quarantine of personnel, restrictions on travel to or from countries in which OSG operates, or inability to access certain areas could adversely affect the Company';s operations. Travel restrictions, operational problems or large-scale social unrest in any part of the world in which OSG operates, or any reduction in the demand for tanker services caused by public health threats in the future, may impact OSG';s operations and adversely affect the Company';s financial results. Acts of piracy on ocean-going vessels could adversely affect the Company';s business. Although the Company';s fleet operates mainly in U.S. waters, there are occasions when a vessel may be in an area where pirate attacks are a concern. The frequency of pirate attacks on seagoing vessels remains high, particularly in the western part of the Indian Ocean, off the west coast of Africa and in the South China Sea. If piracy attacks result in regions in which the Company';s vessels are deployed being characterized by insurers as ";war risk"; zones, as the Gulf of Aden has been, or Joint War Committee ";war and strikes"; listed areas, premiums payable for insurance coverage could increase significantly, and such insurance coverage may become difficult to obtain. Crew costs could also increase in such circumstances due to risks of piracy attacks. In addition, while OSG believes the charterer remains liable for charter payments when a vessel is seized by pirates, the charterer may dispute this and withhold charter hire until the vessel is released. A charterer may also claim that a vessel seized by pirates was not ";on-hire"; for a certain number of days and it is therefore entitled to cancel the charter party, a claim the Company would dispute. The Company may not be adequately insured to cover losses from these incidents, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, hijacking as a result of an act of piracy against the Company';s vessels, or an increase in the cost (or unavailability) of insurance for those vessels, could have a material adverse impact on OSG';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such attacks may also impact the Company';s customers, which could impair their ability to make payments to the Company under its charters. Terrorist attacks and international hostilities and instability can affect the tanker industry, which could adversely affect OSG';s business. Terrorist attacks, the outbreak of war, or the existence of international hostilities could damage the world economy, adversely affect the availability of and demand for crude oil and petroleum products and adversely affect both the Company';s ability to charter its vessels and the charter rates payable under any such charters. In addition, OSG operates in a sector of the economy that is likely to be adversely impacted by the effects of political instability, terrorist or other attacks, war or international hostilities. In the past, political instability has also resulted in attacks on vessels, mining of waterways and other efforts to disrupt international shipping, particularly in the Arabian Gulf region. These factors could also increase the costs to the Company of conducting its business, particularly crew, insurance and security costs, and prevent or restrict the Company from obtaining insurance coverage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Company As a result of the spin-off of INSW on November 30, 2016, OSG';s historical financial information may not be a reliable indicator of OSG';s future financial results and the spin-off may adversely affect OSG';s business. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, &#32;the assets and liabilities and results of operations of INSW are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. Accordingly, all references made to financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to OSG';s continuing operations, unless specifically noted. Accordingly, the historical financial information included in this Annual Report does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, operating performance or cash flows that OSG would have achieved without INSW as a wholly owned subsidiary during the periods presented or those that OSG will achieve in the future, including as a result of the following factors: &#8226; Prior to the spin-off, OSG or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for INSW, such as treasury, accounting, auditing, legal, investor relations and finance. OSG';s historical results reflect allocations of corporate expenses 17 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. to INSW for such functions. In connection with the spin-off, OSG may incur additional expenses for such services after the spin-off. &#8226; As a result of the spin-off, the cost of capital of OSG';s business may be higher than its cost of capital prior to the spin-off. OSG may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the spin-off or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The anticipated benefits may not be achieved for a variety of reasons, including among others: &#8226; The separation of our business from INSW and provision of services to INSW under the Transition Services Agreement require significant amounts of management';s time and effort in developing standalone organizations which may divert management';s attention from operating and growing OSG';s business; &#8226; Following the spin-off, OSG may be more vulnerable to the risk of takeover by third parties; &#8226; Following the spin-off, OSG may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if INSW was still a part of OSG; and &#8226; Following the spin-off, OSG';s business is less diversified and has a more concentrated exposure to U.S specific risks such as the Jones Act market than prior to the spin-off. If OSG fails to achieve some or all of the benefits to result from the spin-off, or if such benefits are delayed, it could have an adverse effect on OSG';s competitive position, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. OSG has incurred significant indebtedness which could affect its ability to finance its operations, pursue desirable business opportunities and successfully run its business in the future, all of which could affect OSG';s ability to fulfill its obligations under that indebtedness. As of December 31, 2018, OSG had $345.5 million of outstanding indebtedness. OSG';s substantial indebtedness and interest expense could have important consequences, including: &#8226; limiting OSG';s ability to use a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations in other areas of its business, including for working capital, capital expenditures and other general business activities, because OSG must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service its debt; &#8226; to the extent OSG';s future cash flows are insufficient, requiring the Company to seek to incur additional indebtedness in order to make planned capital expenditures and other expenses or investments; &#8226; limiting OSG';s ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and other expenses or investments planned by the Company; &#8226; limiting the Company';s flexibility and ability to capitalize on business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures and adverse changes in government regulation, and OSG';s business and industry; &#8226; limiting OSG';s ability to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness; &#8226; increasing OSG';s vulnerability to a downturn in its business and to adverse economic and industry conditions generally; &#8226; placing OSG at a competitive disadvantage as compared to its less-leveraged competitors; &#8226; limiting the Company';s ability, or increasing the costs, to refinance indebtedness; and &#8226; limiting the Company';s ability to enter into hedging transactions by reducing the number of counterparties with whom OSG can enter into such transactions as well as the volume of those transactions. OSG';s ability to continue to fund its obligations and to reduce debt may be affected by general economic, financial market, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, among other things. An inability to fund the Company';s debt requirements or reduce debt could have a material adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, the actual or perceived credit quality of the Company';s charterers (as well as any defaults by them) could materially affect the Company';s ability to obtain the additional capital resources that it will require to purchase additional vessels, including OSG's two new MR product tankers that are expected to be delivered in September 2019, or significantly increase the costs of obtaining such capital. The Company';s inability to obtain additional financing at a higher-than-anticipated cost, or at all, could materially affect the Company';s results of operations and its ability to implement its business strategy. The Company may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness, and could in the future breach covenants in its credit facilities and term loans. The Company';s earnings, cash flow and the market value of its vessels vary significantly over time due to the cyclical nature of the tanker industry, as well as general economic and market conditions affecting the industry. As a result, the amount of debt that OSG can manage in some periods may not be appropriate in other periods and its ability to meet the financial covenants to 18 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. which it is subject or may be subject in the future may vary. Additionally, future cash flow may be insufficient to meet the Company';s debt obligations and commitments, including the remaining payments due upon delivery of OSG's two new MR product tankers that are expected to be delivered in September 2019. Any insufficiency could negatively impact OSG';s business. The term loan, due 2023, term loan, due 2026, and the ABL Facility contain certain restrictions relating to new borrowings and, the movement of funds between OBS and OSG, as set forth in the loan agreement. Furthermore, drawdowns under the OBS ABL Facility are limited based upon the available borrowing base, as defined in that loan agreement and, if availability falls below a certain amount for a specified period of time, the administrative agent could exercise cash dominion rights permitting it to invoke control rights over certain of our accounts. While the Company was in compliance with these requirements as of December 31, 2018, a decrease in vessel values could require the Company to make mandatory payments on its existing term loans, decrease the availability of the revolving credit facility, or cause the Company to breach certain covenants in future financing agreements that the Company may enter into from time to time. If the Company is unable to make the mandatory prepayments or breaches such covenants and is unable to remedy the relevant breach or obtain a waiver, the Company';s lenders could accelerate its debt and foreclose on the Company';s owned vessels. A range of economic, competitive, financial, business, industry and other factors will affect future financial performance, and, accordingly, the Company';s ability to generate cash flow from operations and to pay debt. Many of these factors, such as charter rates, economic and financial conditions in the tanker industry and the economy, the creditworthiness of our customers, or competitive initiatives of competitors, are beyond the Company';s control. If OSG does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy its debt obligations, it may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as: &#8226; refinancing or restructuring its debt; &#8226; selling tankers or other assets; &#8226; reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures; or &#8226; seeking to raise additional capital. Undertaking alternative financing plans, if necessary, might not allow OSG to meet its debt obligations. The Company';s ability to restructure or refinance its debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, its access to such markets and its financial condition at that time. The 8.125% unsecured Notes had a maturity date of March 30, 2018. To remain in compliance with the OBS ABL Facility, the Company paid off the outstanding balance on its 8.125% unsecured Notes in December 2017. The OBS Term Loan had a maturity date of August 5, 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company refinanced $325.0 million and paid off the remaining balance of the OBS Term Loan using $27.5 million of proceeds from the term loan, due 2026, and cash on hand. Any future refinancing of debt could be at higher interest rates and might require the Company to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict OSG';s business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict OSG from adopting certain alternatives. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit OSG to meet its scheduled debt service obligations. The Company';s inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, to meet the covenants of its credit agreements and term loans and/or to obtain alternative financing in such circumstances, could materially and adversely affect OSG';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in demand in specialized markets in which the Company currently operates or changes in governmental support may lead the Company to redeploy certain vessels to other markets or put its ability to participate in specialized markets at risk. The Company deploys its vessels in several niche markets, including lightering in the Delaware Bay. The Company conducts those lightering operations with two ATBs which were purpose built for these operations. If there is lower demand for these vessels in the Delaware Bay lightering market, the Company may have to redeploy one or both of these two ATBs in other markets. If that were to occur, the Company may not be able to compete profitably in the new markets, and the ATBs may not be able to be redeployed to new markets without substantial modification. In addition, the Company would be required to pay daily liquidated damages to MarAd if those vessels were deployed in the contiguous coastwise trades. The Company has two vessels participating in the MSP which derive a substantial percentage of revenues earned from transporting cargoes reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under MarAd';s Cargo Preference program. The Cargo Preference program works to promote and facilitate a U.S. maritime transportation system and oversees the administration of and compliance with U.S. cargo preference laws and regulations. Those laws require shippers to give U.S.-flag vessels a preference to transport any government-impelled ocean borne cargoes. Government-impelled cargo is cargo that is moving either as a direct result of Federal government involvement, indirectly through financial sponsorship of a Federal program, or in connection with a guarantee provided by the Federal government. 19 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Among the currently available government&#8211;impelled cargoes is a contract the Company has with the government of Israel ("GOI") to deliver fuel through December 31, 2020, which the GOI funds with grants from the U.S. government. The Company must seek other government&#8211;impelled cargoes to supplement the GOI business, however, there is no assurance the Company will be able to secure such cargoes. In addition, if the Company is unable to retain the GOI business, or is unable to obtain significant other charters for these vessels, the Company may no longer be able to participate in the MSP and the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. The Company operates three Jones Act MR Shuttle Tankers, two of which are currently operating as shuttle tankers serving offshore oil installations in the Gulf of Mexico. Modifications made to enable these tankers to perform the specialized service of a shuttle tanker required the Company to incur substantial capital costs, which in turn allow the Company to earn a premium to market rates earned by conventional Jones Act tankers. While shuttle tankers can serve as conventional tankers without further modification, future reduction in the demand for specialized shuttle tanker services could limit the Company';s ability to earn such premiums, which could adversely affect the financial results of the Company as compared to historical results. In the highly competitive Jones Act market, OSG may not be able to compete effectively for charters. The Company';s vessels are employed in a highly competitive market. Competition arises from other vessel owners, including major oil companies, which may have substantially greater resources than OSG does. Competition for the transportation of crude oil and other petroleum products depends on price; location; size, age and condition of vessel; and the acceptability of the vessel operator to the charterer. To the extent OSG enters into new geographic regions or provides new services, it may not be able to compete profitably. New markets may involve competitive factors that differ from those of the Company';s current markets, and the competitors in those markets may have greater financial strength and capital resources than OSG does. OSG may not be able to renew Time Charters when they expire or enter into new Time Charters. OSG';s ability to renew expiring contracts or obtain new charters will depend on the prevailing market conditions at the time of renewal. As of December 31, 2018, OSG employed 15 vessels on Time Charters, with 12 of those expiring in 2019, two expiring in 2020 and one expiring in 2025. The Company';s existing Time Charters may not be renewed at comparable rates or if renewed or entered into, those new contracts may be at less favorable rates. In addition, there may be a gap in employment of vessels between current charters and subsequent charters. If at a time when OSG is seeking to arrange new charters for its vessels, market participants expect that less capacity will be necessary in the future (for example, if it is expected that oil and natural gas prices will decrease in the future, which could suggest that future oil and gas production levels will decline from then-current levels), OSG may not be able to obtain charters at attractive rates or at all. If, upon expiration of the existing Time Charter, OSG is unable to obtain Time Charters or Voyage Charters at desirable rates, the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. OSG may not realize the benefits it expects from future acquisitions or other strategic transactions it may make. OSG';s business strategy includes ongoing efforts to engage in material acquisitions of assets or ownership interests in entities in the tanker industry and of individual tankers. The Company has recently entered into a 10 year bareboat lease of a 20 year old product tanker which will be in the market in the second quarter of 2019. The Company is also constructing two new 50,000 deadweight tons chemical tankers and two new 204,000 bbl barges which will come into the market in 2020. The success of OSG';s acquisitions will depend upon a number of factors, some of which may not be within its control. These factors include OSG';s ability to: &#8226; identify suitable tankers and/or shipping companies for acquisitions at attractive prices, which may not be possible if asset prices rise too quickly; &#8226; obtain financing; &#8226; identify businesses engaged in managing, operating or owning tankers for acquisitions or joint ventures; &#8226; integrate any acquired tankers or businesses successfully with the OSG';s then-existing operations; and &#8226; enhance OSG';s customer base. OSG intends to finance any future acquisitions by using available cash from operations, entering into leases and through incurrence of debt or bridge financing, either of which may increase its leverage ratios, or by issuing equity, which may have a dilutive impact on its existing stockholders. At any given time, OSG may be engaged in a number of discussions that may result in one or more acquisitions, some of which may be material to OSG as a whole. These opportunities require confidentiality and may involve negotiations that require quick responses by OSG. Although there can be no certainty that any of these discussions 20 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. will result in definitive agreements or the completion of any transactions, the announcement of any such transaction may lead to increased volatility in the trading price of OSG';s securities. Acquisitions and other transactions can also involve a number of special risks and challenges, including: &#8226; diversion of management time and attention from the Company';s existing business and other business opportunities; &#8226; delays in closing or the inability to close an acquisition for any reason, including third-party consents or approvals; &#8226; any unanticipated negative impact on the Company of disclosed or undisclosed matters relating to any vessels or operations acquired; and &#8226; assumption of debt or other liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation related to the acquired business. The success of acquisitions or strategic investments depends on the effective integration of newly acquired businesses or assets into OSG';s current operations. Such integration is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realization of anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel and customers, the diversion of management';s attention from other business concerns, risk of non-compliance with internal controls over financial reporting for an acquired company, in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of the acquired company or asset. Further, if a portion of the purchase price of a business is attributable to goodwill and if the acquired business does not perform up to expectations at the time of the acquisition some or all of the goodwill may be written off, adversely affecting OSG';s earnings. The Company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from a limited number of customers, and the loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company';s largest customers account for a significant portion of its revenues. The Company';s top two customers comprised approximately 23% of the Company';s revenues during 2018. The loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers could materially adversely affect the Company';s business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain potential customers will not use vessels older than a specified age, even if the vessels have been subsequently rebuilt. All of the Company';s existing ATBs were originally constructed more than 25 years ago with the exception of the OSG Vision/OSG 350, OSG Horizon/OSG 351, which were built between 2010 and 2011, respectively. The OSG Endurance and OSG Courageous tugs, which were built in 2011, will be paired with the Company's new barges expected to be delivered in the second quarter of 2020 and fourth quarter of 2020. While all of these rebuilt tug-barge units were rebuilt and double-hulled since 1998 and are ";in-class,"; meaning the vessel has been certified by a Classification Society as being built and maintained in accordance with the rules of that Classification Society and complies with the applicable rules and regulations of the vessel';s country of registry and applicable international conventions, some potential customers have stated that they will not charter vessels that are more than 20 years old, even if they have been rebuilt. Other customers may not continue to view rebuilt vessels as suitable. With an increase in the supply of newer vessels, customers may become more selective. If more customers differentiate rebuilt vessels, time charter rates for the Company';s rebuilt ATBs will likely be adversely affected. The Company';s significant operating leases could be replaced on less favorable terms or may not be replaced. The Company';s operating fleet includes ten vessels that have been chartered-in under operating leases. The significant operating leases of the Company in its various businesses expire at various points in the future and may not be replaced at all or on as favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company';s future financial position, results of operations and cash flow. The Company is subject to credit risks with respect to its counterparties on contracts, and any failure by those counterparties to meet their obligations could cause the Company to suffer losses on such contracts, decreasing revenues and earnings. The Company has entered into, and in the future will enter into, various contracts, including charter agreements and other agreements associated with the operation of its vessels. The Company charters its vessels to other parties, who pay the company a daily rate of hire. The Company also enters COAs and Voyage Charters. Historically, the Company has not experienced material problems collecting charter hire but the risk increases during economic downturns. Additionally, the Company enters into derivative contracts (interest rate swaps and caps) from time to time. As a result, the Company is subject to credit risks. The ability of each of the Company';s counterparties to perform its obligations under a contract with it will depend on a number of factors that are beyond the Company';s control and may include, among other things, general economic conditions; availability of debt or equity financing; the condition of the maritime and offshore industries; the overall financial 21 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. condition of the counterparty including the bankrupcy of the counterparty; charter rates received for specific types of vessels; and various expenses. Charterers are sensitive to the commodity markets and may be impacted by market forces affecting commodities such as oil. In addition, in depressed market conditions, the Company';s charterers and customers may no longer need a vessel that is currently under charter or contract or may be able to obtain a comparable vessel at lower rates. As a result, the Company';s customers may fail to pay charter hire or attempt to renegotiate charter rates. If the counterparties fail to meet their obligations, the Company could suffer losses on such contracts which would decrease revenues, cash flows and earnings. Operating costs and capital expenses will increase as the Company';s vessels age and may also increase due to unanticipated events relating to secondhand vessels and the consolidation of suppliers. In general, capital expenditures and other costs necessary for maintaining a vessel in good operating condition increase as the age of the vessel increases. As of December 31, 2018, the average age of the Company';s total owned and operated fleet was 10.2 years, which is based on the vessels'; year of rebuild, where applicable. Cargo insurance rates are also expected to increase with the age of a vessel. Accordingly, it is likely that the operating costs of OSG';s currently operated vessels will increase. In addition, changes in governmental regulations and compliance with Classification Society standards may restrict the type of activities in which the vessels may engage and/or may require OSG to make additional expenditures for new equipment. Every commercial tanker must pass inspection by a Classification Society authorized by the vessel';s country of registry. The Classification Society certifies that a tanker is safe and seaworthy in accordance with the applicable rule and regulations of the country of registry of the tanker and the international conventions of which that country is a number. If a Classification Society requires the Company to add equipment, OSG may be required to incur substantial costs or take its vessels out of service. Market conditions may not justify such expenditures or permit OSG to operate its older vessels profitably even if those vessels remain operational. If a vessel in OSG';s fleet does not maintain its class and/or fails any survey, then it will be unemployable and unable to trade between ports, which would negatively impact the Company';s results of operation. Furthermore, recent mergers have reduced the number of available suppliers, resulting in fewer alternatives for sourcing key supplies. With respect to certain items, OSG is generally dependent upon the original equipment manufacturer for repair and replacement of the item or its spare parts. Supplier consolidation may result in a shortage of supplies and services, thereby increasing the cost of supplies or potentially inhibiting the ability of suppliers to deliver on time. These cost increases or delays could result in downtime, and delays in the repair and maintenance of the Company';s vessels and have a material adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Company may face unexpected drydock costs for its vessels. Vessels must be drydocked periodically for inspection and maintenance, and in the event of accidents or other unforeseen damage. The cost of repairs and renewals required at each drydock are difficult to predict with certainty, can be substantial and the Company';s insurance may not cover these costs. Vessels in drydock will generally not generate any income. Large drydocking expenses could adversely affect the Company';s results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the time when a vessel is out of service for maintenance is determined by a number of factors including regulatory deadlines, market conditions, shipyard availability and customer requirements. Large drydocking expenses and longer than anticipated off-hire time could adversely affect the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Technological innovation could reduce the Company';s charter income and the value of the Company';s vessels. The charter rates and the value and operational life of a vessel are determined by a number of factors including the vessel';s efficiency, operational flexibility and physical life. Efficiency includes speed, fuel economy and the ability to load and discharge cargo quickly. Flexibility includes the ability to enter harbors, utilize related docking facilities and pass through canals and straits. The length of a vessel';s physical life is related to its original design and construction, its maintenance and the impact of the stress of operations. Competition from more technologically advanced vessels could adversely affect the amount of charter payments the Company receives for its vessels once their initial charters expire and the resale value of the Company';s vessels could significantly decrease. As a result, the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Interruption, failure or breach of OSG';s information technology and communications systems could impair its ability to operate and adversely affect its business. OSG is highly dependent on information technology systems. These dependencies include accounting, billing, disbursement, cargo booking and tracking, vessel scheduling and stowage, equipment tracking, customer service, banking, payroll and communication systems. Information technology and communication systems are subject to reliability issues, integration and compatibility concerns, and security-threatening intrusions. OSG may experience failures caused by the occurrence of a natural 22 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. disaster, computer hacking or viruses or other unanticipated problems at OSG';s facilities, aboard its vessels or at third-party locations. Any failure of OSG';s or third-party systems could result in interruptions in service, reductions in its revenue and profits, damage to its reputation or liability for the release of confidential information. We collect, store and transmit sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our clients, and personally identifiable information of our clients and employees, using both our information technology systems and those of third party vendors. The secure storage, processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Our network, or those of our clients or third party vendors, could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, and other security problems. Many companies have increasingly reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. Cybersecurity issues, such as security breaches and computer viruses, affecting our information technology systems or those of our third party vendors, could disrupt our business, result in the unintended disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses, or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches or viruses. Security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security breaches (including the inability of our third party vendors to prevent security breaches) could also cause existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, cause losses to us or our clients, damage our brand, and increase our costs. Delays or disruptions in implementing new technological and management systems could impair the Company';s ability to operate and adversely affect its business. The Company is currently in the process of transitioning to a new software system for managing ship operations. In addition, from time to time the Company will implement or upgrade certain other technological resources utilized in running its business. Implementation of this new software system will have a significant impact on our business processes and information systems. The transition will require a significant investment in capital and personnel resources and the coordination of numerous software and system providers and internal business teams. The Company may experience difficulties as it manages these changes and transitions to the new system and upgrades its technological resources, including loss or corruption of data, delays, decreases in productivity as personnel implement and become familiar with new systems and processes, and unanticipated expenses. Additionally, the Company could be adversely affected if the new software system it is implementing for managing ship operations or other new or upgraded technological resource are defective, not installed properly, fail to perform as marketed or are not properly integrated into existing operations. In addition, the implementation of a new system may not result in improvements that outweigh the cost of implementation. System implementation failures or operational failures, including unauthorized access by third parties to our new software system (which could have the effects described in the preceding risk factor) and could have an adverse effect on the Company';s business, financial position, and ability to operate in a complex industry. Moreover, difficulties in implementing the new software could disrupt the Company';s operations or divert management';s attention from key strategic initiatives. We could face significant liability if one or more multiemployer plans in which we participate is reported to have underfunded liabilities and we withdraw from participation in one or more multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. The Company is a party to collective-bargaining agreements that requires contributions to three jointly managed (Company and union) multiemployer pension plans covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. Our required contributions to these plans could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these plans, the inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. Certain of these multiemployer plans are currently underfunded. Significantly underfunded pension plans are required to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the level of their under-funding. As a result, our required contributions to these plans may increase in the future. In addition, a termination of our voluntary withdrawal from or a mass withdrawal of all contributing employers from a underfunded multiemployer pension plan would require us to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of such multiemployer pension plan';s unfunded vested liabilities. See Note 17, ";Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefit Plans,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. Requirements to pay increased contributions or withdrawal liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 23 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company may have difficulty attracting and retaining skilled employees and is dependent on unionized employees. OSG';s success depends to a significant extent upon the abilities and efforts of its key personnel. The loss of the services of key personnel or the Company';s inability to attract, motivate and retain qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial condition and operating results. As of December 31, 2018, OSG had approximately 1,061 employees, of which 812 employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements with unions. See Item 1, ";Business - Employees."; OSG could be adversely affected by actions taken by employees of OSG or other companies in related industries (including third parties providing services to OSG) against efforts by management to control labor costs, restrain wage or benefits increases or modify work practices or the failure of OSG or other companies in its industry to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements. Effective internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. The Company maintains a system of internal controls to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires the Company to anticipate and react to changes in its business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy its reporting obligations as a public company. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase the Company';s operating costs and harm its business. Furthermore, investors'; perceptions that the Company';s internal controls are inadequate or that the Company is unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm its stock price. We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws. During 2017, the U.S. Congress recently passed the Tax Cut & Jobs Act of 2017 (the ";TCJA";) for which the Company has received a non-cash benefit. See Note 12, ";Taxes,"; for additional information. The Company is in an overall deferred tax liability position, however it has significant deferred tax assets consisting primarily of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards that are expected to be realized over an extended number of years. Although the reduction in the corporate income tax rate as of January 1, 2018 will reduce the amount of income taxes we would pay in the future, a reduction in the corporate income tax rate also results in a decrease in the value of our net operating loss carryforwards. The re-measurement of the net deferred tax liability resulted in an increase to our net income and total equity during 2017, as discussed further in Note 12, ";Taxes."; The Company &#32; also currently benefits from the deduction of interest expense on its indebtedness, which is subject to limitations to deductibility under the TCJA starting this year. Any elimination or modification of that deduction would increase the Company';s cash income taxes payable, reducing our future cash available for operations and dividend payments. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters The Company';s business would be adversely affected if it failed to comply with the Jones Act';s limitations on U.S. coastwise trade, or if these limitations were waived, modified or repealed, or if changes in international trade agreements were to occur. Substantially all of the Company';s operations are conducted in the U.S. coastwise trade and are governed by U.S. federal laws commonly known as the ";Jones Act";. The Jones Act restricts waterborne transportation of goods between points in the United States to vessels meeting certain requirements, including ownership and control by ";U.S. Citizens"; as defined thereunder. The Company is responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of its common stock and other interests to ensure compliance with the Jones Act. The Company could lose the privilege of owning and operating vessels in the Jones Act trade if non-U.S. Citizens were to own or control, in the aggregate, more than 25% of the equity interests in the Company. Such loss would have a material adverse effect on the Company';s business and results of operations. In addition, under certain circumstances failure to comply with the Jones Act may result in the Company being deemed to have violated other U.S. federal laws that prohibit a foreign transfer of U.S. documented vessels without government approval, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading privileges or forfeiture of the vessels deemed transferred, and fines. Additionally, maritime transportation services are currently excluded from the General Agreement on Trade in Services (";GATS";) and are the subject of reservations by the United States in the North American Free Trade Agreement (";NAFTA";) and other international free trade agreements. If maritime transportation services were included in GATS, NAFTA or other 24 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. international trade agreements, or if the restrictions contained in the Jones Act were otherwise repealed or altered, the transportation of maritime cargo between U.S. ports could be opened to international flag or foreign built vessels. Recently, particularly with regard to Puerto Rico after Hurricane Irma, interest groups have lobbied Congress, and legislation has been introduced, to repeal certain provisions of the Jones Act or to grant extensive waivers so as to facilitate international flag competition for trades and cargoes currently reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under the Jones Act. The Company expects that continued efforts will be made to modify, repeal, or waive the Jones Act. Because international vessels may have lower construction costs, wage rates and operating costs, this could significantly increase competition in the coastwise trade, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company';s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. The U.S. government could requisition the Company';s vessels during a period of war or emergency, which may negatively impact the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash. The U.S. government could requisition one or more of the Company';s vessels for title or hire, typically occurring during a period of war or emergency. Requisition for title or hire occurs when a government takes control of a vessel and becomes the owner or the charterer at dictated charter rates. Two OSG vessels participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. Under the program, OSG receives an annual fee, subject in each case to annual Congressional appropriations, in exchange for a guarantee that the ships will be made available to the U.S. government in the time of war or national emergency. The U.S. government requisition of one or more of the Company';s vessels may impact the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash if the charter rates we receive from the government while on requisition are less than the charter rates that are being replaced, or if the government refuses to pay the requisition charter rate, in which case we would seek recovery through our insurance policies. Compliance with complex laws, regulations, and, in particular, environmental laws or regulations may adversely affect OSG';s business. The Company';s operations are affected by extensive and changing international, national and local environmental protection laws, regulations, treaties, conventions and standards. These requirements are designed to reduce the risk of oil spills and water pollution and to regulate air emissions, including emission of greenhouse gases. These requirements impose significant capital and operating costs on OSG, including those related to engine adjustments and ballast water treatment. Environmental laws and regulations also can affect the resale value or significantly reduce the useful lives of the Company';s vessels, require a reduction in carrying capacity, ship modifications or operational changes or restrictions (and related increased operating costs) or retirement of service, lead to decreased availability or higher cost of insurance coverage for environmental matters or result in the denial of access to, or detention in, certain jurisdictional waters or ports. Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as international treaties and conventions, OSG could incur material liabilities, including cleanup obligations, in the event that there is a release of petroleum or other hazardous substances from its vessels or otherwise in connection with its operations. OSG could be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to the release of or exposure to hazardous materials associated with its current or historic operations. Violations of or liabilities under environmental requirements also can result in substantial penalties, fines and other sanctions, including in certain instances, seizure or detention of the Company';s vessels. OSG could incur significant costs, including cleanup costs, fines, penalties, third-party claims and natural resource damages, as the result of an oil spill or liabilities under environmental laws. The Company is subject to the oversight of several government agencies, including the U.S. Coast Guard, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. OPA 90 affects all vessel owners shipping oil or hazardous material to, from or within the United States. OPA 90 allows for potentially unlimited liability without regard to fault for owners, operators and bareboat charterers of vessels for oil pollution in U.S. waters. Similarly, the International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage, 1969, as amended, which has been adopted by most countries outside of the United States, imposes liability for oil pollution in international waters. OPA 90 expressly permits individual states to impose their own liability regimes with regard to hazardous materials and oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries. Coastal states in the United States have enacted pollution prevention liability and response laws, many providing for unlimited liability. In order to comply with laws and regulations, shipowners likely will incur substantial additional capital and/or operating expenditures to meet new regulatory requirements, to develop contingency arrangements for potential spills and to obtain insurance coverage. Key regulatory initiatives that are anticipated to require substantial additional capital and/or operating expenditures in the next several years include more stringent limits on the sulfur content of fuel oil for vessels operating in waters not already considered emissions control areas and more stringent requirements for management and treatment of ballast water. 25 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company expects to install ballast water treatment systems on its vessels at substantial capital cost and incur increased operating expenses between 2019 and 2023. Although the Company has performed due diligence in choosing the particular systems, there is no assurance that the technologies chosen will perform as expected or be installed without delays. The Company continues to be in full compliance with the USCG';s phase-in schedule for ballast water treatment systems and has received extensions from the USCG for six vessels. The EPA determined in 2013 that it will not issue extensions under the VGP but stated that vessels that meet certain conditions, including having received the USCG extensions, would be a ";low enforcement priority";. While the six vessels with USCG extensions are not in compliance with the EPA';s phase-in schedule, OSG believes that its vessels will meet the conditions for a low enforcement priority."; However, no assurance is given that EPA will not change their position. If the EPA determines to enforce the limits for such vessels, such action could have a material adverse effect on OSG. See Item 1, ";Business - Environmental, Safety and Security Matters."; Other government regulation of vessels, particularly in the areas of safety and environmental requirements, can be expected to become stricter in the future and require the Company to incur significant capital expenditures on its vessels to keep them in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether. Such expenditures could result in financial and operational impacts that may be material to OSG';s financial statements. Additionally, the failure of a shipowner or bareboat charterer to comply with local, domestic and foreign regulations may subject it to increased liability, may invalidate existing insurance or decrease available insurance coverage for the affected vessels and may result in a denial of access to, or detention in, certain ports. If any of our vessels are denied access to, or are detained in, certain ports, reputation, business, financial results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Incidents involving highly publicized oil spills and other mishaps involving vessels can be expected in the tanker industry, and such events could be expected to result in the adoption of even stricter laws and regulations, which could limit the Company';s operations or its ability to do business and which could have a material adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial results and cash flows. In addition, the Company is required by various governmental and quasi-governmental agencies to obtain certain permits, licenses and certificates with respect to its operations. The Company believes its vessels are maintained in good condition in compliance with present regulatory requirements, are operated in compliance with applicable safety and environmental laws and regulations and are insured against usual risks for such amounts as the Company';s management deems appropriate. The vessels'; operating certificates and licenses are renewed periodically during each vessel';s required annual survey. However, government regulation of tankers, particularly in the areas of safety and environmental impact, may change in the future and require the Company to incur significant capital expenditures with respect to its ships to keep them in compliance. Due to concern over the risk of climate change, a number of countries, including the United States, and international organizations, including the IMO and the European Union, have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These regulatory measures include, among others, adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy. Such actions could result in significant financial and operational impacts on the Company';s business, including requiring OSG to install new emission controls, acquire allowances or pay taxes related to its greenhouse gas emissions, or administer and manage a greenhouse gas emission program. The Company is calculating and reporting greenhouse gas emissions on voyages to and from EU ports under the EU';s Monitoring, Reporting and Verification (MRV) scheme, and a similar requirement has been expanded to all vessels engaged on international voyage under a similar IMO program. See Item 1, ";Business - Environmental, Safety and Security Matters."; In addition to the added costs, the concern over climate change and regulatory measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions may reduce global demand for oil and oil products, which would have an adverse effect on OSG';s business, financial results and cash flows. The employment of the Company';s vessels could be adversely affected by an inability to clear the oil majors'; risk assessment process. Our industry is heavily regulated. In addition, the major oil companies have developed a strict due diligence process for selecting their shipping partners out of concerns for the environmental impact of spills. This vetting process has evolved into a sophisticated and comprehensive risk assessment of both the vessel manager and the vessel. The Company';s charterers require that the Company';s vessels and the technical managers pass vetting inspections and management audits. The Company';s failure to maintain any of its vessels to these standards could put the Company in breach of the applicable charter agreement and lead to termination of such agreement thereby adversely affecting the revenues of the Company. 26 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company may be subject to litigation and government inquiries or investigations that, if not resolved in the Company';s favor and not sufficiently covered by insurance, could have a material adverse effect on it. The Company has been and is, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters and is subject to government inquiries and investigations. These matters may include, among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, employment matters, governmental claims for taxes or duties, and other disputes that arise in the ordinary course of the Company';s business. The Company believes it has sufficient insurance coverage for the majority, though not all, of these cases. Although the Company intends to defend these matters vigorously, it cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any such matter, and the ultimate outcome of these matters or the potential costs to resolve them could involve or result in significant expenditures or losses by the Company, or result in significant changes to OSG';s rules and practices in dealing with its customers, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company';s future operating results. Insurance may not be applicable or sufficient in all cases. Because litigation is inherently uncertain, the Company';s estimates for contingent liabilities may be insufficient to cover the actual liabilities from such claims, resulting in a material adverse effect on the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Item 3, ";Legal Proceedings,"; and Note 21, ";Contingencies,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8, ";Financial Statement and Supplementary Data."; Maritime claimants could arrest OSG';s vessels, which could interrupt cash flows. Crew members, suppliers of goods and services to a vessel, shippers of cargo and other parties may be entitled to a maritime lien against that vessel for unsatisfied debts, claims or damages. In many jurisdictions, a maritime lien holder may enforce its lien by arresting a vessel through foreclosure proceedings. The arrest or attachment of one or more of the Company';s vessels could interrupt OSG';s cash flow and require it to pay a significant amount of money to have the arrest lifted. Claimants could try to assert ";sister ship"; liability against one vessel in the Company';s fleet for claims relating to another vessel in its fleet which, if successful, could have an adverse effect on the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Transfers or issuances of the Company';s equity may impair or reduce the Company';s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes in the future. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ";ownership change"; to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the ownership change. An ";ownership change"; is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50% of a corporation';s stock over a rolling three-year period by stockholders that own (directly or indirectly) 5% or more of the stock of a corporation, or arising from a new issuance of stock by a corporation. If an ownership change occurs, Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the use of pre-ownership change NOLs, credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned after the ownership change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company';s stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation for prior years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. In addition, Section 383 generally limits the amount of tax liability in any post-ownership change year that can be reduced by pre-ownership change tax credit carryforwards. If the Company were to undergo an ";ownership change,"; it could have a material adverse effect on the Company';s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to the Common Stock and Warrants The market price of the Company';s securities fluctuates significantly . The market price of the Company';s securities fluctuates substantially. You may not be able to resell your Class A common stock or Class A warrants at or above the price you paid for such securities due to a number of factors, some of which are beyond the Company';s control, including the occurrence of the risks described herein. The falling price of the Company';s equity securities may expose the Company to securities class action litigation, which could result in substantial cost and the diversion of management';s attention and resources. 27 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The ability to sell warrants may be limited and the exercise of outstanding warrants may result in substantial dilution to the Company';s stockholders. The Company';s Class A warrants are currently traded as ";restricted securities"; in the over-the-counter market and in privately negotiated transactions among individual holders pursuant to exemptions from the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Transactions are reported as taking place only sporadically. The liquidity of any market that may develop for the Class A warrants, the ability to sell the Class A warrants and the price at which such securities would sell are all uncertain. The Company has outstanding Class A warrants with an exercise price of $0.01 per share exercisable into shares of Class A common stock. If exercised, the shares of Class A common stock underlying these warrants would represent approximately 19% of the Company';s outstanding Class A common stock. Accordingly, any such exercise may result in substantial dilution to the Company';s stockholders. The Company';s common stock is subject to restrictions on foreign ownership, which could have a negative impact on the transferability of the Company';s common stock, its liquidity and market value, and on a change of control of the Company. The Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws authorize its Board of Directors to establish certain rules, policies and procedures, including procedures with respect to transfer of shares, to assist in monitoring and maintaining compliance with the Jones Act ownership restrictions. In order to provide a reasonable margin for compliance with the Jones Act at least 77% (the ";Minimum Percentage";) of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company must be owned by U.S. citizens. To assist the Company in complying with the Jones Act citizenship requirements, the Company participates in the Depository Trust Company's (";DTC";) Seg&#8211;100 program. Under this system, shares of our common stock beneficially owned by non&#8211;U.S. citizens through DTC must be deposited in a segregated account known as Seg&#8211;100. Any purported transfer by a foreign holder of equity interests in the Company that cause the percentage of outstanding shares of a class of capital stock of the Company to fall below the Minimum Percentage will be rendered ineffective to transfer the equity interests or any voting, dividend or other rights associated with such interest in accordance with the rights afforded in the Jones Act and contained in the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws. The percentage of U.S. citizenship ownership of the Company';s outstanding common stock fluctuates based on daily trading, and at times in the past, has declined to the Minimum Percentage. At and during such time that the Minimum Percentage is reached, the Company will not issue any further shares of such class of common stock or approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. citizens. If a foreign owner's acquisition causes total foreign ownership of our common stock to exceed the limit set forth in our Citizenship Policies, currently 23%, DTC will not permit additional shares to be deposited in the Company's Seg&#8211;100 account. This is an additional risk that foreign owners of our common stock bear. The existence and enforcement of these ownership restrictions could have an adverse impact on the liquidity or market value of the Company';s equity securities. Furthermore, under certain circumstances, the ownership restrictions could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of the Company. The Company';s outstanding warrants are not subject to the above ownership restrictions, but the warrants include provisions limiting the right of non-U.S. citizens to exercise warrants if the shares of common stock that would be issued upon exercise would cause the percentage of the Company';s outstanding common stock held by U.S. citizens to decline below the Minimum Percentage. OSG is a holding company and depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to distribute funds to it in order to satisfy its financial obligations or pay dividends. Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. is a holding company and its subsidiaries conduct all of its operations and own all of its operating assets. It has no significant assets other than the equity interests in its subsidiaries. As a result, its ability to satisfy its financial obligations or pay dividends is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries to distribute funds to it. In addition, the &#32; terms of the term loan, due 2023, term loan, due 2026 and the ABL Facility restrict the ability of OBS and its subsidiaries to distribute funds to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 28 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Some provisions of Delaware law and the Company';s governing documents could influence its ability to effect a change of control. Certain provisions of Delaware law and contained in the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company. In addition, these provisions could make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of the Company';s board of directors. For example, the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws: &#8226; give the sole ability to then-current members of its board of directors to fill a vacancy on the board of directors; &#8226; require the affirmative vote of two-thirds or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of its capital stock in order to amend or repeal certain provisions of its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws; and &#8226; establish advance notice requirements for nomination for elections to its board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. Separately, the Company has elected to opt out of Section 203 (";Section 203";) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the ";DGCL";), which restricts certain business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an ";interested stockholder."; Accordingly, the Company will be able to enter into such transactions with its principal stockholders without complying with the requirements of Section 203. The election to opt out of Section 203 could deprive certain stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of the Company, particularly if it enters into a transaction with an ";interested stockholder."; Securities analysts may not initiate coverage or continue to cover the Company';s securities, and this may have a negative impact on their market price. The trading market for the Company';s securities will depend in part on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about the Company and its business. The Company does not have any control over securities analysts and they may not initiate coverage or continue to cover the Company';s securities. If securities analysts do not cover the Company';s securities, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect their market price. If the Company is covered by securities analysts, and the Company';s securities are the subject of an unfavorable report, the Company';s securities prices would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover the Company or fails to publish regular reports on the Company, the Company could lose visibility in the financial markets, which may cause the price or trading volume of the Company';s securities to decline. 29 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We lease two properties which house offices used in the administration of our operations: a property of approximately 18,300 square feet in Tampa, Florida, and a property of approximately 2,500 square feet in Newark, Delaware. We also lease land of 3.2 acres in Tampa, Florida on which two Company-owned buildings aggregating 15,000 square feet sit. We do not own or lease any production facilities, plants, mines or similar real properties. Vessels: At December 31, 2018 , the Company owned or operated an aggregate of 21 vessels. See tables presented under Item 1, ";Business--Fleet Operations."; ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are party to lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of business. In management's opinion, there are no known pending claims or litigation, the outcome of which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 30 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT';S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information, Holders and Dividends The Company';s Class A common stock was approved for listing on the NYSE MKT on December 1, 2015 and began trading under the symbol ";OSG"; on December 1, 2015. On May 27, 2016, pursuant to the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the warrant agreement governing the Class B warrants, each Class B common share and Class B warrant automatically converted to a Class A common share and Class A warrant, respectively. On June 2, 2016, the Board authorized the Company to take action to transfer the listing of its Class A common stock to the New York Stock Exchange from the NYSE MKT (the ";Transfer";). In conjunction with the Transfer, the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the ";Reverse Split Amendment";). The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share. The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. On November 30, 2016 (the ";Distribution Date";), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata dividend to holders of OSG common stock and warrants of 100% of the common stock of INSW. Effective as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the Distribution Date, INSW common stock was distributed, on a pro rata basis, to OSG';s stockholders and warrant holders of record as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on November 18, 2016 (the ";Record Date";). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of INSW common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). Fractional shares of INSW common stock were not distributed in the spin-off. Holders of OSG common stock and warrants received cash in lieu of fractional shares. The following table summarizes (i) the quarterly high and low closing sales prices of the Company';s Class A common stock (OSG) for the periods indicated. Class A Common Stock (OSG) 2018 High Low (in dollars) First Quarter 2.93 1.70 Second Quarter 4.01 2.92 Third Quarter 3.99 3.04 Fourth Quarter 3.55 1.58 Class A Common Stock (OSG) 2017 High Low (in dollars) First Quarter 5.53 3.86 Second Quarter 3.83 2.37 Third Quarter 3.08 1.99 Fourth Quarter 2.98 2.24 31 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. On March 4, 2019, there were 157 stockholders of record of the Company';s Class A common stock. On February 29, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.08 per share of common stock payable prior to the end of March 2016. The declaration and timing of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law or the SEC and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, the Company';s ability to pay cash dividends in the future may be limited by certain of the Company';s loan agreements. As required by the Equity Plan, the Company';s Certificate of Incorporation and the Class B Warrant Agreement, the Company distributed 10%, or $1,423, of the Net Litigation Recovery amount to the Class B stockholders and warrant holders in May 2016. Approximately $86 of the aforementioned $1,423, which represents the proportional share of the Net Litigation Recovery payable to the Company';s Class B warrant holders, was recognized as a charge to reorganization items, net in the second quarter of 2016. The balance of $1,337 was distributed in the form of a special dividend to Class B stockholders. See Note 9, ";Debt,"; of the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for a description of restrictions on the ability of OSG, as Parent Company, to receive dividends from its subsidiaries. In addition, section 170(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (";DGCL";) only permits dividends to be declared out of two legally available sources: (1) out of surplus, or (2) if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding year (so-called ";nimble dividends";). However, dividends may not be declared out of net profits if ";the capital of the corporation, computed in accordance with sections 154 and 244 of the DGCL, shall have been diminished by depreciation in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. 32 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Stockholder Return Performance Presentation Set forth below is a line graph for the period between December 1, 2015 and December 31, 2018 comparing the percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company';s Class A common stock against the cumulative return of (i) the published Standard and Poor';s 500 index and (ii) a peer group index consisting of Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (BKEP), Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (EGLE), Genco Shipping & Trading Limited (GNK), Gener8 Maritime Inc. (GNRT), International Seaways, Inc. (INSW), Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP), Matson, Inc. (MATX), and SemGroup Corporation (SEMG), referred to as the Peer Group index. These companies are all part of the peer group selected for compensation purposes and this group is more closely aligned with the business of the Company following the spin-off of the international division. The Company believes that this peer group index is relevant for comparative purposes. STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* THE COMPANY, S&P 500 INDEX, PEER GROUP INDEX *Assumes that the value of the investment in the Company';s Class A common stock and each index was $100 on December 1, 2015 and that all dividends were reinvested. Historical stock price data prior to June 13, 2016 were adjusted for the one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split. Equity Compensation Plan Information See Item 12, ";Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters,"; for further information on the number of shares of the Company';s Class A common stock that may be issued under the Management Incentive Compensation Plan and the Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan. Purchase of Equity Securities See Note 14, ";Capital Stock and Stock Compensation,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for a description of Class A and Class B warrants exercised in exchange for Class A and Class B common stock, which is incorporated by reference in this Part I, Item 5. 33 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2018, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in January, February, March and December, the Company repurchased the following number of shares of Class A common stock from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes: Period Total Number Shares of Class A Purchased Average Price Paid per Share of Class A January 1, 2018 through January 31, 2018 34,734 $ 2.74 February 1, 2018 through February 28, 2018 80,570 $ 1.70 March 1, 2018 through March 31, 2018 48,160 $ 2.64 December 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018 133,358 $ 2.10 296,822 $ 2.15 On October 21, 2015, the Board approved a resolution authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $200,000 worth of shares of the Company';s Class A and Class B common stock and warrants from time to time over the next 24 months, on the open market or otherwise, in such quantities, at such prices, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as management determines is in the best interests of the Company (";Share Repurchase Program";). Shares owned by employees and directors of the Company are not eligible for repurchase under this program. The Share Repurchase Program expired in October 2017 and was not extended. There were no purchases made by the Company pursuant to the authorized buyback program during the year ended December 31, 2017. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA As discussed in Note 1, ";Basis of Presentation and Description of Business,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; on November 30, 2016 (the ";Distribution Date";), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned subsidiary International Seaways, Inc. (";INSW";). The spin-off separated OSG and INSW into two distinct businesses with separate management. OSG retained the U.S. Flag business and relocated its headquarters to Tampa, Florida. The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata distribution of INSW';s common stock to our stockholders and warrant holders of record as of the close of business on November 18, 2016 (the ";Record Date";). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 shares of INSW';s common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 shares of INSW';s common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 INSW shares per warrant). The selected financial data as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2018 , presented below, is derived from our consolidated financial statements and presented in accordance with Accounting Standards Update (";ASU";) 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, &#32;and therefore, has been adjusted to reflect the spin-off of INSW on November 30, 2016 and the related classification of INSW';s assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows as discontinued operations. This selected financial data is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with Item 7, ";Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Also, see Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. 34 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. In thousands, except per share amounts and as otherwise stated Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Shipping revenues $ 366,163 $ 390,426 $ 462,420 $ 466,872 $ 440,417 Income/(loss) from vessel operations (a) 23,886 33,948 (34,892 ) 80,543 66,007 Loss before reorganization items and income taxes (4,225 ) (1,459 ) (77,082 ) (12,415 ) (105,633 ) Reorganization items, net -- (190 ) 10,925 (8,052 ) (153,125 ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (4,225 ) (1,649 ) (66,157 ) (20,467 ) (258,758 ) Income/(loss) from continuing operations 13,489 55,978 (1,059 ) 80,565 (143,206 ) Depreciation and amortization 50,512 58,673 89,563 76,851 67,547 Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 45,255 43,619 328,860 276,333 (411,482 ) Cash and cash equivalents 80,417 165,994 191,089 193,978 210,986 Restricted cash - current 59 58 7,272 10,583 53,085 Restricted cash - non-current 165 217 8,572 -- -- Total vessels, deferred drydock and other property at net book amount 623,758 656,423 715,640 902,613 929,767 Total assets of continuing operations (b) 827,730 931,887 1,030,497 1,200,498 1,351,255 Debt of continuing operations (b) 345,535 448,936 525,082 691,041 1,022,570 Deferred income taxes and reserve for uncertain tax positions (c) 73,585 86,876 144,586 210,715 312,485 Total equity 329,468 313,238 254,332 1,580,488 1,286,087 Per share amounts: Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from continuing operations 0.15 0.64 (0.01 ) 0.83 (2.48 ) Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) - Class B and common stock from continuing operations -- -- (0.11 ) 0.83 (2.48 ) Equity per diluted share 3.70 3.56 3.62 16.33 13.27 Cash dividends paid - Class A -- -- 0.48 -- -- Cash dividends paid - Class B -- -- 1.56 -- -- Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) for: Basic earnings per share Class A (d) 88,395 87,835 90,950 95,585 39,014 Class B (d) -- -- 534 1,320 18,676 Diluted earnings per share Class A (d) 89,046 88,083 90,950 95,629 39,014 Class B (d) -- -- 534 1,320 18,676 Other data: Time charter equivalent revenues (e) 326,707 -- 446,160 449,058 414,373 EBITDA (f) 77,177 94,425 66,557 126,749 (14,977 ) Adjusted EBITDA (f) $ 86,976 $ 111,068 $ 176,225 $ 168,116 $ 139,731 (a) As discussed further in Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-07, Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost (ASC 715) , &#32; on January 1, 2018. Accordingly, the prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation. (b) Total assets and debt for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 reflect a reduction in amounts previously reported of $21,676 and $21,935, respectively, relating to the retrospective adoption of ASU 2015-03 which required the reclassification of unamortized deferred financing costs from other assets to debt. (c) As discussed in Note 12, ";Taxes,"; the Company recognized a one-time non-cash tax benefit of approximately $54,300 in the fourth quarter of 2018. This tax benefit was based on the Company's assessment of the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which reduced the federal corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%. 35 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (d) The Company's Class B common stock was approved for listing on the NYSE on October 9, 2014 and the Company's Class A common stock was approved for listing on the NYSE on December 1, 2015. (e) Reconciliations of time charter equivalent revenues to shipping revenues as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations follow: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Time charter equivalent revenues $ 326,707 $ 361,036 $ 446,160 $ 449,058 $ 414,373 Add: Voyage expenses 39,456 29,390 16,260 17,814 26,044 Shipping revenues $ 366,163 $ 390,426 $ 462,420 $ 466,872 $ 440,417 Consistent with general practice in the shipping industry, the Company uses time charter equivalent revenues, which represents shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. Time charter equivalent revenues, a non-GAAP measure, provides additional meaningful information in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, because it assists Company management in decisions regarding the deployment and use of its vessels and in evaluating their financial performance. (f) EBITDA represents net income/(loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA adjusted to exclude amortization classified in charter hire expenses, interest expense classified in charter hire expenses, (gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, loss on repurchases and extinguishment of debt, non-cash stock based compensation expense and the impact of other items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are presented to provide investors with meaningful additional information that management uses to monitor ongoing operating results and evaluate trends over comparative periods. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent, and should not be considered a substitute for, net income/(loss) or cash flows from operations determined in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results reported under GAAP. Some of the limitations are: a. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; b. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; and c. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt. While EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used by companies as a measure of operating results and performance, neither of those items as prepared by the Company is necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. 36 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The following table reconciles net income/(loss) from continuing operations, as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations, to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. Prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current year presentation. Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Income/(loss) from continuing operations $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (1,059 ) $ 80,565 $ (143,206 ) Income tax benefit from continuing operations (17,714 ) (57,627 ) (65,098 ) (101,032 ) (115,552 ) Interest expense 30,890 37,401 43,151 70,365 176,234 Depreciation and amortization 50,512 58,673 89,563 76,851 67,547 EBITDA 77,177 94,425 66,557 126,749 (14,977 ) Amortization classified in charter hire expenses 1,781 1,859 1,859 1,859 1,910 Interest expense classified in charter hire expenses 1,711 1,831 1,955 -- -- (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments (877 ) 13,200 104,532 207 (578 ) Loss on repurchases and extinguishment of debt 3,399 3,237 2,988 26,516 -- Non-cash stock based compensation expense 3,785 3,638 8,232 4,342 2,362 Other costs associated with repurchase of debt -- -- 77 3,099 -- Write-off of registration statement costs -- -- -- 3,493 -- Reorganization items, net -- 190 (10,925 ) 8,052 153,125 Severance costs -- 16 12,996 -- 2,161 Adjusted EBITDA $ 86,976 $ 118,396 $ 188,271 $ 174,317 $ 144,003 37 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT';S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Some of the statements in this item are ";forward-looking statements."; For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the ";Forward-Looking Statements"; section above. The following is a discussion and analysis of (i) industry operations that have an impact on the Company';s financial position and results of operations, (ii) the Company';s financial condition at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;and its results of operations comparing the years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;and the years ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2016 , and (iii) critical accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company';s consolidated financial statements. All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except daily dollar amounts and per share amounts. GENERAL We are a leading provider of energy transportation services, delivering crude oil and petroleum products. We own and operate a combined fleet of 21 vessels registered in the United States. Our well maintained fleet and commitment to high quality, incident-free service positions us as a preferred service provider of major oil companies and refiners. Incorporated in 1969, OSG has operated through multiple shipping cycles, making adjustments to our business as needed to compete and succeed. We provide safe, efficient and reliable transportation to customers and strive to ensure the highest standards of safety and environmental compliance throughout our organization. Our business operates as a single reportable segment. We believe that this is appropriate as our chief operating decision maker and our management team make decisions about resource allocations and review and measure our results as one line of business with similar regulatory requirements, customers and commodities transported. Our fleet includes tankers and ATBs, of which 19 operate under the Jones Act and two operate internationally and participate in the MSP. We own seven ATBs, which consist of five vessels that transport primarily petroleum products and two that perform lightering operations in the Delaware Bay. We operate fourteen tankers, ten that have been chartered-in under operating leases and four that we own, including the two that participate in the MSP. Revenues are derived predominantly from time charter agreements, which provide a more predictable level of revenues. We derived approximately 42% of our total shipping revenues, 35% of our total TCE revenues, in the spot market for 2018. OPERATIONS AND OIL TANKER MARKETS The Company';s revenues are highly sensitive to patterns of supply and demand for vessels of the size and design configurations owned and operated by the Company and the trades in which those vessels operate. Rates for the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products are determined by market forces such as the supply and demand for oil. The demand for oil shipments is significantly affected by the state of the global economy, level of OPEC exports and oil production in the United States. The number of vessels is affected by newbuilding deliveries and by the removal of existing vessels from service, principally because of storage, scrappings or conversions. The Company';s revenues are also affected by the mix of charters between spot (Voyage Charter) and long-term (Time or Bareboat Charter). Because shipping revenues and voyage expenses are significantly affected by the mix between voyage charters and time charters, the Company manages its vessels based on TCE revenues. Management makes economic decisions based on anticipated TCE rates and evaluates financial performance based on TCE rates achieved. Estimated TCE rates for prompt Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs increased during the year ended December 31, 2018 from 2017 for each class of vessel. The increase can be attributed to higher demand for coastwise crude oil transportation driven by the discount of domestic to international crude prices. In addition, the new construction phase of vessels with deliveries from 2015 to 2018 has ended and the supply of vessels are beginning to tighten through scrapping, lay ups and sales out of Jones Act service. As of December 31, 2018, the industry';s entire Jones Act fleet of Product Carriers and large ATBs (defined as vessels having carrying capacities of between 140,000 barrels and 350,000 barrels, which excludes numerous tank barges below 140,000-barrel capacity and 11 much larger tankers dedicated exclusively to the Alaskan crude oil trade) consisted of 91 vessels, compared with 96 vessels plus one late-1970s-built crude oil tanker previously deployed in the Alaskan trade that was operating in the lower-48 coastwise trade as of December 31, 2017. There were two large ATB deliveries during the year and 6 large ATBs, a Product Tanker, and the previously mentioned crude oil tanker that were scrapped or permanently removed from Jones Act service during 2018. 38 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The industry';s firm Jones Act orderbook as of December 31, 2018 consisted of one large ATB with delivery scheduled in the first half of 2020. The new build ATB was ordered by the Company in July 2018. Subsequently, in January 2019, the Company exercised its option for a second large ATB with delivery scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2020. The contract is with Gunderson Marine LLC for the construction of two, approximately 204,000 BBL, oil and chemical tank barges, which will participate in the Jones Act trade. Delaware Bay lightering volumes averaged 152,000 b/d in 2018 compared with 160,000 b/d in 2017. The decrease primarily resulted from drydock out of service time on both lightering ATBs. RESULTS FROM VESSEL OPERATIONS During the year ended December 31, 2018, shipping revenues decreased by $24,263 or 6.2% compared to 2017. Several factors contributed to this decrease: (a) 74-day increase in scheduled drydocking, which is an out of service period used to perform required major maintenance to continue trading and maximize a vessel's useful life, (b) 92-day increase in unplanned repair days, including one vessel that was hit by a third-party ship, and (c) two fewer vessels in operation for most of 2018 compared to 2017. In the future, we expect revenues from long-term time charters to increase and revenues from spot market charters to decrease, which should result in decreased exposure to fluctuations in spot market rates. Reconciliations of time charter equivalent (";TCE";) revenues, a non-GAAP measure, to shipping revenues as reported in the consolidated statements of operations follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Time charter equivalent revenues $ 326,707 $ 361,036 $ 446,160 Add: Voyage expenses 39,456 29,390 16,260 Shipping revenues $ 366,163 $ 390,426 $ 462,420 The following table provides a breakdown of TCE rates achieved for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 &#32;between spot and fixed earnings and the related revenue days. 2018 2017 2016 Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Spot Earnings Fixed Earnings Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: Average rate $ 31,254 $ 60,252 $ 27,179 $ 63,604 $ 27,989 $ 64,919 Revenue days 1,142 3,141 896 3,411 208 4,103 Non-Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: Average rate $ 25,925 $ 12,097 $ 31,174 $ 14,031 $ 31,422 $ 16,141 Revenue days 707 3 566 159 544 186 ATBs: Average rate $ 15,333 $ 22,207 $ 11,111 $ 26,863 $ 26,473 $ 35,269 Revenue days 990 998 979 1,637 83 2,802 Lightering: Average rate $ 66,041 $ -- $ 61,648 $ -- $ 72,271 $ -- Revenue days 697 -- 730 -- 732 -- During 2018 , TCE revenues decreased by $34,329, or 9.5%, to $326,707 from $361,036 in 2017 . Also, the total number of revenue days decreased from 8,378 days in 2017 to 7,678 days in 2018. Several factors contributed to these decreases: (a) 74-day increase in scheduled drydocking, which is an out of service period used to perform required major maintenance to continue trading and maximize a vessel's useful life, (b) 92-day increase in unplanned repair days, including one vessel that was hit by a third-party ship, and (c) two fewer vessels in operation for most of 2018 compared to 2017. In the future, we expect revenues from long-term time charters to increase and revenues from spot market charters to decrease, which should result in decreased exposure to fluctuations in spot market rates. 39 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Vessel expenses decreased by $1,192 to $134,956 in 2018 &#32;from $136,148 in 2017 , primarily due to cost reductions during 2018 as well as two fewer vessels in operation during 2018. Depreciation expense decreased by $8,161 to $50,512 in 2018 &#32;from $58,673 in 2017 &#32;primarily as a result of impairment charges recorded in prior years which reduced the carrying value and related depreciation expense of the rebuilt Jones Act ATBs that operate in the U.S. Gulf coastwise trade. During 2017 , TCE revenues decreased by $85,124, or 19.1%, to $361,036 from $446,160 in 2016. A weakening Jones Act crude oil transportation market during that year resulted in a decline in average daily rates earned by the Company';s Jones Act ATBs and Jones Act Product Carriers, as well as increased spot market exposure, which accounted for a $67,458 decrease in revenue. Also contributing to the decrease was a 278-day decrease in Jones Act ATB, Jones Act Product Carrier and Non-Jones Act Product Carrier revenue days, which accounted for a $9,810 decrease in TCE revenue and a $7,899 decrease in Delaware Bay lightering revenue. The decrease in revenue days was principally attributable to increase in drydock and repair days in the current year, the layup of one ATB during the second quarter of 2017 as well as the disposal of one ATB during the fourth quarter of 2017. The decrease in revenue earned by the Delaware Bay lightering vessels was primarily due to a decrease in Delaware Bay lightering volumes in 2017 compared to 2016. Vessel expenses decreased $4,806 to $136,148 in 2017 from $140,954 in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in average daily vessel expenses of $419 per day, which resulted principally from increased subsidy during 2017 for the two vessels participating in the MSP program as well as reductions in repair costs during 2017. Depreciation expense decreased by $30,890 to $58,673 in 2017 from $89,563 in 2016 primarily as a result of the disposal of one ATB during 2017. Two reflagged U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. Each of the vessel-owning companies receives an annual subsidy, subject in each case to annual congressional appropriations, which is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such subsidy was $5,000 on one vessel and $4,600 on one vessel in 2018 , $5,400 on one vessel and $4,500 on one vessel in 2017 &#32;and $3,500 on one vessel and $2,700 on one vessel in 2016 . Under the terms of the program, the Company expects to receive up to $5,000 annually for each vessel from 2019 through 2020, and up to $5,200 for each vessel beginning in 2021. The Company does not receive the subsidy with respect to any days for which one or both of the vessels operate under a time charter to a U.S. government agency, which was the case for one vessel during 2018 . In June 2018, one of our ATBs was berthed to the dock when a third-party ship transiting the channel hit our ATB causing structural damage to the ATB and damage to the dock. The cost of repairs has been covered by existing insurance policies. We have filed a lawsuit against the third-party ship seeking recovery of our costs of repairs as well as our lost earnings from the ATB being off-hire for 46 repair days. General and Administrative Expenses During 2018, general and administrative expenses decreased by $584 to $26,880 from $27,464 in 2017. This decrease was primarily driven by lower IT-related and consulting costs. During 2017, general and administrative expenses decreased by $13,596 to $27,464 from $41,060 in 2016. This decrease reflects: (i) a net decrease in legal, accounting and consulting fees aggregating $9,895 primarily due to cost reductions during the current year; (ii) lower compensation and benefit costs of $1,994 primarily due to a decrease in headcount, incentive compensation and salary related expenses; and (iii) the remaining decrease is due to cost reductions for overhead costs during the current year including lower office rent and related expenses as well as insurance. INTEREST EXPENSE The components of interest expense are as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Interest before impact of interest rate caps $ 30,709 $ 35,978 $ 42,812 Impact of interest rate caps 181 1,423 339 Interest expense $ 30,890 $ 37,401 $ 43,151 Interest expense, including administrative and other fees, was $30,890 for 2018 &#32;compared with $37,401 in 2017 . The decrease in interest expense from the prior year was primarily associated with the impact of the prepayments of $75,166 during the year ended December 31, 2018 for the OBS Term Loan and the Company's redemption of the 8.125% Senior Notes. Refer to Note 9, ";Debt,"; in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 40 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Interest expense, including administrative and other fees was $37,401 for 2017 compared with $43,151 in 2016. The decrease in interest expense from the prior year reflects the impact of repurchases of the Company's Unsecured Senior Notes during 2017 of $55,202. INCOME TAX BENEFIT The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were 419.2%, 3,492.9% and 98.4% , respectively. Our effective tax rates are affected by recurring items, such as permanent differences related to the US tonnage tax regime (see Taxation of the Company) and discrete items such as stock compensation vesting or exercises, and other insignificant items. Our effective tax rate has varied year over year primarily due to fluctuations in our pre-tax book income/(loss) as well as audit settlements, estimates of our ability to realize certain tax assets, changes in tax law and recognition of deferred tax liabilities associated with our investment in INSW. On December 22, 2017, Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (";TCJA";). For the year ended December 31, 2017, the TCJA caused our effective tax rate to increase compared with the year ended December 31, 2016, primarily as a result of the benefit received from the remeasurement of the net deferred tax liability to the newly enacted statutory rate of 21.0% effective January 1, 2018 relative to the small amount of pre-tax book loss for 2017. The decrease in tax rate from 2017 to 2018, and increase in tax rate from 2016 to 2017, is primarily due to the impact of remeasuring the net deferred tax liability from 35.0% to 21.0% as a result of the TCJA enactment, which provided a significant tax benefit in comparison to book income. The 2018 tax rate is higher as we also recorded an income tax benefit of $21,720 related to the settlement of our 2012-2015 U.S. federal income tax return audit. As of December 31, 2016, as a result of the spin-off of INSW, we reversed our deferred tax liability in the amount of $48,856 recognized on the basis difference in our investment in INSW, as the spin-off resulted in a non-deductible taxable loss on our investment in INSW. As of December 31, 2018, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $250,264, which are available to reduce future taxes, if any. The existing federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034. 41 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On November 30, 2016, we completed the spinoff of INSW, which previously made up our International Crude Tankers and International Product Carriers reportable segments. The results of INSW have been classified as discontinued operations. See Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. Results from Vessel Operations The following is a discussion of the results from vessel operations of the INSW discontinued operations for the eleven months ended November 30, 2016. During the eleven months ended November 30, 2016, results from vessel operations of discontinued operations decreased by $499,804 to a loss of $298,911 from income of $200,893 in the year ended December 31, 2015. This decrease reflects the impact of net held-for-sale basis and held-for-use basis impairments of $332,562 and $49,640, respectively, declining TCE revenues, and the incurrence of spin-off related costs in 2016. Such impacts were partially offset by a decrease in vessel expenses, depreciation and amortization, and charter hire in the 2016 period. TCE revenues decreased in 2016 by $121,889, or 26%, to $353,901 from $475,790 in 2015. The decrease was principally as a result of a weakening in rates throughout the International Flag sectors, most significantly in the MR, VLCC, Aframax and LR2 fleets. Further contributing to the decrease was a 1,226-day decrease in revenue days, primarily as a result of (i) the 2016 period only including 11 months and (ii) a decrease in MR revenue days, as a result of the sale of a 1998-built MR in July 2015 and the redelivery of an MR to its owners at the expiry of its time charter in March 2015. The negative factors were partially offset by 477 fewer drydock and repair days in the 2016 period and an increase in revenue from the Company';s ULCC being taken out of lay-up in the first quarter of 2015. The decreases in vessel expenses, depreciation and amortization and charter hire during the 2016 period are principally as a result of factors impacting revenue days described above. Impact of Spin off As discussed in Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; the accounting for the distribution of nonmonetary assets to owners of an entity in a spinoff should be based on the recorded amount (after reduction, if appropriate, for an indicated impairment of value). The nonmonetary distribution of the assets of INSW constituted the disposal of a business. Accordingly, OSG's distribution of the shares of INSW to its stockholders on November 30, 2016 was recorded based on the carrying value of the INSW disposal group, after reduction for $332,562 in net impairment charges recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the INSW disposal group over its fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. Such impairment charges are included in the results from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. Refer to Critical Accounting Policies - Vessel and Investment in Joint Venture Impairments &#8211; Held for Sale Basis (Disposal Group) &#32;below for additional information on management';s judgments and estimates in determining the impairment charge for the INSW disposal group. LIQUIDITY AND SOURCES OF CAPITAL Our business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of capital on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to successfully operate our business to meet near-term and long-term debt repayment obligations is dependent on maintaining sufficient liquidity. Liquidity Working capital from continuing operations at December 31, 2018 &#32;was approximately $54,000 compared with $145,000 at December 31, 2017 . In addition, our total cash (including restricted cash) decreased by $85,628. The decrease in working capital and cash is primarily due to the mandatory prepayment of $28,166 and optional prepayment of $47,000 we made on our OBS Term Loan, along with, a cash payment of $27,623 we made to payoff the loan. The decrease was offset by increases in working capital as a result of timing of receivable collections at December 31, 2018 compared to December 31, 2017, as well as by cash flow generated from operations during the current year. As of December 31, 2018 , we had total liquidity on a consolidated basis of $110,641, comprised of $80,641 of cash (including $224 of restricted cash) and $30,000 of undrawn revolver capacity. We manage our cash in accordance with our intercompany 42 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. cash management system subject to the requirements of our debt facilities. Our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our restricted cash balances, generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We place our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in what we believe to be credit-worthy financial institutions. In addition, certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, or its agencies. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2018 &#32;included $224 of legally restricted cash. Pursuant to the terms of the OBS Facility, in the event of a spinoff of INSW, we were required to set aside, in an escrow account, cash in an aggregate amount of not less than the sum of all accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes (as defined in Note 9, ";Debt";) through the maturity of the respective Unsecured Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2018 , we had total debt outstanding (net of original issue discount and deferred finance costs) of $345,535 &#32;and a total debt to total capitalization of 51.2% . Our debt profile reflects recent actions (discussed further below) to deleverage our balance sheet. At December 31, 2018, we had aggregate capital commitments of $155,237, net of progress payments already made aggregating $21,323, for the construction of four vessels: two tankers scheduled for delivery in September 2019 and two barges scheduled for delivery in the second quarter of 2020 and in the fourth quarter of 2020. The contracts for these vessels require progress payments during the construction periods with a final payment due on delivery. We have made all required progress payments to date, and we expect to make remaining payments, including those due on delivery, with financing that we will need to obtain, operating cash flow and cash on hand. We are currently in discussion with potential lenders to obtain such financing, but we have not yet obtained the necessary financing. Sources, Uses and Management of Capital We generate significant cash flows from our complementary mix of time charters, voyage charters and contracts of affreightment. Net cash provided by operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;was $ 45,255 . In addition to operating cash flows, our other current sources of funds are proceeds from issuances of equity securities, additional borrowings and proceeds from the opportunistic sales of our vessels. In the past, we have also obtained funds from the issuance of long-term debt securities. We may in the future complete transactions consistent with achieving the objectives of our business plan. Our current uses of funds are to fund working capital requirements, maintain the quality of our vessels, comply with U.S. and international shipping standards and environmental laws and regulations, repay or repurchase our outstanding loan facilities and to repurchase our common stock from time to time. We may also use cash generated by operations to finance capital expenditures to modernize and grow our fleet. On March 16, 2018 and March 29, 2018, we made a mandatory prepayment of $28,166 and an optional prepayment of $47,000 on our OBS Term Loan, respectively. The aggregate net loss of $981 realized on these transactions during the year ended December 31, 2018 reflects a write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. On November 19, 2018, two of our subsidiaries closed on a loan from Wintrust Commercial Finance, a division of Wintrust Asset Finance Inc., in the amount of $27,500. The loan is secured by first preferred ship mortgages on the Overseas Mykonos and Overseas Santorini, and a guaranty from us. The loan bears interest at a rate equal to the prevailing 30-Day LIBOR plus 4.00% and matures on November 19, 2026. In addition, on November 19, 2018, we used the proceeds from the Wintrust loan to make an optional prepayment of $27,500 on our OBS Term Loan. The aggregate net loss of $191 realized on this transaction reflects a write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018. On December 21, 2018, OSG, as the Parent Company (as a guarantor), OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. (";OBS";) and certain OBS subsidiaries closed on a five-year $325,000 term loan credit facility with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and other syndicate lenders (the ";Term Loan Credit Agreement";). We used the proceeds from the Term Loan Credit Agreement, along with a cash payment of $27,623 to payoff our existing OBS Term Loan. The Term Loan Credit Agreement bears interest at a rate equal to the prevailing 30-Day LIBOR plus 5.00% and matures on December 21, 2023. The aggregate net loss of $2,227 on this transaction reflects a write-off of original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018. 43 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Future Commitments In July 2018, we signed binding contracts with Hyundai Mipo Dockyard Company Ltd. for the construction of two &#32; 50,000 &#32;deadweight tons class product chemical tankers for anticipated delivery to us during the second half of 2019 . Our annual commitments under the contracts are $60,000 &#32;in 2019 , of which the majority is due when the vessels are accepted by us. Additionally, in July 2018, we signed a binding contract with Gunderson Marine LLC for the construction of one approximately 204,000 &#32;BBL, oil and chemical tank barge for anticipated delivery to us during the first half of 2020. Our annual commitments under the contract are $39,213 &#32;in 2019 &#32;and $5,059 &#32;in 2020 . In January 2019, we exercised an option with Gunderson Marine LLC to construct a second approximately 204,000 &#32;BBL, oil and chemical tank barge for anticipated delivery to us during the second half of 2020. Our annual commitments under the contract are $19,622 &#32;in 2019 and $31,343 &#32;in 2020. &#32; &#32;&#32;&#32; On January 2, 2019, the Company entered into a 10-year bareboat charter agreement for a U.S. flagged product tanker. The Company's annual commitments under the bareboat charter agreement are $2,782 &#32;(2019), $4,172 &#32;(2020), $4,161 &#32;(2021), $4,161 &#32;(2022), $4,161 &#32;(2023) and $21,352 &#32;thereafter. Outlook The Company';s revenues are sensitive to often highly cyclical patterns of supply and demand. In the core Jones Act Trades within which the majority of our vessels operate, demand factors for transportation have historically been affected almost exclusively by supply and distribution of refined petroleum products in the United States. The emergence of demand for domestic crude oil transportation has in recent years added a new dimension to understanding traditional Jones Act trades. Balancing time charter coverage with spot market exposure in an uncertain demand environment is a persistent challenge and considerations about the appropriate amount of capacity to remain active in the spot market are a regular management discussion point. Over the longer term, we consider the ";normalized"; market in which our vessels trade to be one that should be characterized by stable, longer term chartering relationships with our customer base. Notwithstanding this belief, a surplus of available capacity in recent years has rewarded charterers with low charter rates, making medium term charters unattractive or simply unavailable. In such market environments, we consider the cost of acquiring cash flow visibility by committing vessels to charter contracts at sustained loss-making rates as being too high when measured against what we believe to be an asymmetrical upside potential of being positioned to benefit from a recovery in rates. As such, we have seen spot market exposures increase in recent financial periods. The increased volatility of cash flows inherent in a portfolio with a higher percentage of vessels trading in the spot market has important implications for our liquidity management. The retention of relatively high cash balances as well as management';s recent efforts to reduce overall levels of debt and operating and administrative costs have been important and necessary responses to these factors. We have witnessed a rebalance of supply in recent quarters, as tightening age restrictions imposed by our core customer base has progressively limited the acceptability for use in service of vessels exceeding 20 years of age. Further, we continue to see sustained demand for domestic crude oil transportation as an important swing factor in restoring a healthy balance between available vessel supply and overall transportation demand. The market transition that has resulted from the improved supply-demand balance during the past year has allowed us to increase both the number and duration of time charter contracts for our vessels, largely restoring the normalized market conditions which we consider to be supportive of our long-term business objectives. The implications of these developments on reducing the volatility and increasing the forward visibility of future earnings should be positive for the Company';s future financial performance. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements INSW entered into guarantee arrangements in connection with the spin-off on November 30, 2016, in favor of Qatar Liquefied Gas Company Limited (2) (';';LNG Charterer';';) and relating to certain LNG Tanker Time Charter Party Agreements with the LNG Charterer and each of Overseas LNG H1 Corporation, Overseas LNG H2 Corporation, Overseas LNG S1 Corporation and Overseas LNG S2 Corporation (such agreements, the ';';LNG Charter Party Agreements,';'; and such guarantees, collectively, the ';';LNG Performance Guarantees';';). OSG continues to provide a guarantee in favor of the LNG Charterer relating to the LNG Charter Party Agreements (such guarantees, the "OSG LNG Performance Guarantees"). INSW will indemnify OSG for liabilities arising from the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees pursuant to the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement. The maximum potential liability associated with this guarantee is not estimable because obligations are only based on future non-performance events of charter arrangements. In connection with the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees, INSW will pay a per year fee of $145,000 &#32;per year 44 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. to OSG, which is subject to escalation after 2019 and will be terminated if OSG ceases to provide the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees. See Note 13, ";Related Parties,"; for further details. &#32; Carrying Value of Vessels Eleven of our owned vessels are pledged as collateral under our term loan agreements and OBS ABL Facility. The carrying value of each of our vessels does not necessarily represent its fair market value or the amount that could be obtained if the vessel were sold. We believe that the availability, quality and reliability of fair market valuations of U.S Flag vessels are limited given the fact that the U.S. Flag market is relatively small and illiquid with very limited second hand sales and purchases activity from which to benchmark vessel values. As discussed in Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; we monitor for any indicators of impairment in regards to the carrying value of our vessels. Aggregate Contractual Obligations A summary of our long-term contractual obligations as of December 31, 2018 &#32;follows: 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Thereafter Total Long-term debt (1) Unsecured senior notes - fixed rate $ 52 $ 52 $ 342 $ 29 $ 29 $ 404 $ 908 Term loan, due 2023 45,567 47,190 45,225 43,321 243,543 -- 424,846 Term loan, due 2026 2,141 5,611 5,347 5,087 4,827 12,598 35,611 Operating lease obligations (2) Bareboat Charter-ins 91,338 89,503 55,329 71,819 9,143 13,702 330,834 Office space 658 630 631 649 474 1,186 4,228 Construction of new builds 99,213 5,059 -- -- -- -- 104,272 Total $ 238,969 $ 148,045 $ 106,874 $ 120,905 $ 258,016 $ 27,890 $ 900,699 (1) Amounts shown include contractual interest obligations. Interest obligations on fixed rate debt of $691 as of December 31, 2018 &#32;are at an interest rate of 7.5%. The interest rate obligations of floating rate debt have been estimated based on the aggregate of the LIBOR floor rate of 0% and the applicable margin for the term loan, due 2023, and the term loan, due 2026, of 5.00% and 4.00%, respectively. (2) As of December 31, 2018 , we had charter-in commitments for 10 vessels on leases that are accounted for as operating leases. These leases provide us with various renewal options. In addition to the above long-term contractual obligations we have certain obligations for our domestic shore-based employees as of December 31, 2018 , related to pension and other post-retirement benefit plans as follows: 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Defined benefit pension plan contributions (1) $ 720 $ 2,355 $ 1,577 $ 1,761 3 $ 1,418 Postretirement health care plan obligations (2) 168 168 167 173 179 Total $ 888 $ 2,523 $ 1,744 $ 1,934 $ 1,597 (1) Represents estimated contributions under the Maritrans Inc. defined benefit retirement plan. (2) Amounts are estimated based on the 2018 &#32;cost taking the assumed health care cost trend rate for 2019 &#32;to 2023 &#32;into consideration. See Note 17, ";Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans,"; to our consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; Because of the subjective nature of the assumptions made, actual premiums paid in future years may differ significantly from the estimated amounts. 45 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. RISK MANAGEMENT Interest rate risk The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, which could impact its results of operations and financial condition. The Company manages this exposure to market risk through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. To manage its interest rate risk in a cost-effective manner, the Company, from time-to-time, enters into interest rate swap or cap agreements, in which it agrees to exchange various combinations of fixed and variable interest rates based on agreed upon notional amounts or to receive payments if floating interest rates rise above a specified cap rate. The Company uses such derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for speculative or trading purposes. In addition, derivative financial instruments are entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage exposure to nonperformance on such instruments by the counterparties. OBS was party to an interest rate cap agreement (";Interest Rate Cap";) with a date of February 15, 2015 with major financial institutions covering the notional amount of $375,000, to limit the floating interest rate exposure associated with its term loan. The agreement contained no leverage features. The OBS Interest Rate Cap had a cap rate of 3.0% through the termination date of February 5, 2018. INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY The following table presents information about the Company';s financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For debt obligations, the table presents the principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity dates of the Company';s debt obligations. Principal (Notional) Amount (dollars in millions) by Expected Maturity and Average Interest (Swap) Rate At December 31, 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Thereafter Total Fair Value Liabilities Long-term debt * Fixed rate debt $ -- $ -- $ 0.3 $ -- $ -- $ 0.4 $ 0.7 $ 0.5 Average interest rate -- -- 7.5 % -- % -- 7.5 % -- -- Variable rate debt $ 23.2 $ 28.9 $ 28.9 $ 28.9 $231.0 $ 11.6 $ 352.5 $ 351.5 Average interest rate 7.6 % 7.5 % 7.5 % 7.5 % 7.6 % 6.6 % -- -- *Including current portion. As of December 31, 2018, the Company had secured term loans and a revolving credit facility under which borrowings bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR, plus the applicable margin, as stated in the respective loan agreements. There were no amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2018 . CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The Company';s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require the Company to make estimates in the application of its accounting policies based on the best assumptions, judgments, and opinions of management. Following is a discussion of the accounting policies that involve a higher degree of judgment and the methods of their application. For a description of all of the Company';s material accounting policies, see Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; Revenue Recognition The majority of revenue is generated from time charters and is accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably over the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed. The Company does not recognize time charter revenues during periods that vessels are off hire. The Company generates a portion of its revenue from voyage charters. Within the shipping industry, there are two methods used to account for voyage charter revenue: (1) ratably over the estimated length of each voyage and (2) completed voyage. The recognition of voyage revenues ratably over the estimated length of each voyage is the most prevalent method of 46 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. accounting for voyage revenues in the shipping industry and the method used by OSG. Under each method, voyages may be calculated on either a load-to-load or discharge-to-discharge basis. In 2017 and prior, voyage revenues and expenses were recognized ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a discharge-to-discharge basis and, therefore, were allocated between reporting periods based on the relative transit time in each period. The Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) , on January 1, 2018. Under the new standard, the Company recognizes revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge basis. See Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies"; for further details. Under voyage charters, expenses such as fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions are paid by the Company whereas, under time and bareboat charters, such voyage costs are generally paid by the Company's customers. Vessel Lives and Salvage Values The carrying value of each of the Company';s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation calculated using an estimated useful life of 25 years (except for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30 years are used) from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or 20 years from the date the Company';s ATBs were rebuilt. A vessel';s carrying value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e. its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. If the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company';s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, an extended period of weak markets, the broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company';s customers, or other future events, it could result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels. See Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies"; for further details. The United States has not adopted the Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships (the ";Convention";). While the Convention is not in effect in the United States, the EPA and the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation (";MarAd";) have, from time to time, required the owners of U.S. Flag vessels to make certifications regarding the presence of certain toxic substances onboard vessels that they are seeking to sell to parties who (a) are not citizens of the United States and (b) intend to recycle the vessels after they have been purchased (the "Recycling Purchasers"). In the event that more stringent requirements are imposed upon the owners of U.S. Flag vessels seeking to sell their vessels to the Recycling Purchasers, such requirements could (a) negatively impact the sales prices obtainable from the Recycling Purchasers or (b) require companies, including OSG, to incur additional costs in order to sell their U.S. Flag vessels to the Recycling Purchasers or to other foreign buyers intending to use such vessels for further trading. Vessel Impairment The carrying values of the Company';s vessels may not represent their fair market value or the amount that could be obtained by selling the vessel at any point in time since the market prices of second-hand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter rates and the cost of newbuildings. Historically, both charter rates and vessel values tend to be cyclical. Management evaluates the carrying amounts of vessels held and used by the Company for impairment only when it determines that it will sell a vessel or when events or changes in circumstances occur that cause management to believe that future cash flows for any individual vessel will be less than its carrying value. In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the vessel and its eventual disposition is less than the vessel';s carrying amount. This assessment is made at the individual vessel level as separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. In developing estimates of future cash flows, the Company must make assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. Specifically, in estimating future charter rates, management takes into consideration rates currently in effect for existing time charters and estimated daily time charter equivalent rates for each vessel class for the unfixed days over the estimated remaining lives of each of the vessels. The estimated daily time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days beyond the expiry of any current time charters are based on internally forecasted rates that take into consideration average annual rates published by a third party maritime research service and are consistent with forecasts provided to the Company';s senior management and Board of Directors. The internally forecasted rates are based on management';s evaluation of current economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries. Recognizing that the transportation of crude oil and petroleum 47 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. products is cyclical and subject to significant volatility based on factors beyond the Company';s control, management believes the use of estimates based on the internally forecasted rates to be reasonable. Estimated outflows for operating expenses and drydocking requirements are based on historical and budgeted costs and are adjusted for assumed inflation. Finally, utilization is based on historical levels achieved and estimates of a residual value are consistent with the pattern of scrap rates used in management';s evaluation of salvage value. In estimating the fair value of vessels for the purposes of step 2 of the impairment tests, the Company utilizes estimates of discounted future cash flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the type of U.S. Flag vessels owned by OSG is not considered to be robust. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; for further discussion. Intangible Assets The Company allocates the cost of acquired companies to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired, with the remaining amount being classified as goodwill. The Company';s intangible assets represent long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; for further discussion. Drydocking Within the shipping industry, there are two methods that are used to account for dry dockings: (1) capitalize drydocking costs as incurred (deferral method) and amortize such costs over the period to the next scheduled drydocking, and (2) expense drydocking costs as incurred. Since drydocking cycles typically extend over two and a half years or five years, management uses the deferral method because management believes it provides a better matching of revenues and expenses than the expense-as-incurred method. Income Taxes, Deferred Tax Assets and Valuation Allowance Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management';s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes only in the U.S. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and from events that have been recognized in the financial statements and will result in taxable or deductible amounts based on provisions of the tax law in different periods. In evaluating our ability to recover our net deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. A valuation allowance is established to the extent it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations across our global operations. ASC 740 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits of the position. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We recognize tax liabilities and reductions in deferred tax assets in accordance with ASC 740 and we adjust these liabilities and deferred tax assets when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. Pension Benefits In connection with the acquisition of Maritrans in November 2006, the Company assumed the obligations under the noncontributory defined benefit pension plan that covered eligible employees of Maritrans (";the Maritrans Plan";). The Company froze the benefits payable under the Maritrans Plan as of December 31, 2006. The Company has recorded pension benefit costs based on assumptions and valuations developed with the support of its actuarial consultants. These valuations are based on estimates and key assumptions, including those related to the discount rates, the rates expected to be earned on 48 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. investments of plan assets and the life expectancy/mortality of plan participants. OSG is required to consider market conditions in selecting a discount rate that is representative of the rates of return currently available on high-quality fixed income investments. A higher discount rate would result in a lower benefit obligation and a lower rate would result in a higher benefit obligation. The expected rate of return on plan assets is management';s best estimate of expected returns on plan assets. A decrease in the expected rate of return will increase net periodic benefit costs and an increase in the expected rate of return will decrease benefit costs. The mortality assumption is management's best estimate of the expected duration of future benefit payments at the measurement date. The estimate is based on the specific demographics and other relevant facts and circumstances of the Maritrans Plan and considers all relevant information available at the measurement date. Longer life expectancies would result in higher benefit obligations and a decrease in life expectancies would result in lower benefit obligations. In determining the benefit obligations at the end of the year measurement date, the Company continues to use the equivalent single weighted-average discount rate, rounded to the nearest 5 basis points, that best matches projected benefit payments. See Note 17, ";Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans,"; for further discussion on the Company's pension plans. Newly Issued Accounting Standards See Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK See Item 7, ";Management';s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations --Risk Management"; and ";-- Interest Rate Sensitivity."; 49 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA TABLE OF CONTENTS Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 Page Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017 51 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 53 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 54 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 55 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 56 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 108 50 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 80,417 $ 165,994 Restricted cash 59 58 Voyage receivables, including unbilled of $10,160 and $9,919 16,096 24,209 Income tax recoverable 439 1,122 Receivable from INSW 34 372 Other receivables 2,993 2,184 Prepaid expenses 9,886 9,867 Inventories and other current assets 2,456 3,489 Total Current Assets 112,380 207,295 Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation 597,659 632,509 Deferred drydock expenditures, net 26,099 23,914 Total Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property 623,758 656,423 Restricted cash 165 217 Investments in and advances to affiliated companies 3,585 3,785 Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 36,417 41,017 Other assets 51,425 23,150 Total Assets $ 827,730 $ 931,887 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 34,678 $ 34,371 Current installments of long-term debt 23,240 28,160 Total Current Liabilities 57,918 62,531 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 220 3,205 Long-term debt 322,295 420,776 Deferred income taxes, net 73,365 83,671 Other liabilities 44,464 48,466 Total Liabilities 498,262 618,649 Commitments and contingencies Equity: Common stock - Class A ($0.01 par value; 166,666,666 shares authorized; 84,834,790 and 78,277,669 shares issued and outstanding) 848 783 Paid-in additional capital 587,826 584,675 Accumulated deficit (252,014 ) (265,758 ) 336,660 319,700 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (7,192 ) (6,462 ) Total Equity 329,468 313,238 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 827,730 $ 931,887 See notes to consolidated financial statements 51 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. &#32;OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Shipping Revenues: Time charter revenues $ 213,923 $ 266,193 $ 372,149 Voyage charter revenues 152,240 124,233 90,271 366,163 390,426 462,420 Operating Expenses: Voyage expenses 39,456 29,390 16,260 Vessel expenses 134,956 136,148 140,954 Charter hire expenses 91,350 91,587 91,947 Depreciation and amortization 50,512 58,673 89,563 General and administrative 26,880 27,464 41,060 Severance costs -- 16 12,996 (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments (877 ) 13,200 104,532 Total operating expenses 342,277 356,478 497,312 Income/(loss) from vessel operations 23,886 33,948 (34,892 ) Equity in income of affiliated companies 3,538 3,747 3,642 Operating income/(loss) 27,424 37,695 (31,250 ) Other expense (759 ) (1,753 ) (2,681 ) Income/(loss) before interest expense, reorganization items and income taxes 26,665 35,942 (33,931 ) Interest expense (30,890 ) (37,401 ) (43,151 ) Loss before reorganization items and income taxes (4,225 ) (1,459 ) (77,082 ) Reorganization items, net -- (190 ) 10,925 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (4,225 ) (1,649 ) (66,157 ) Income tax benefit from continuing operations 17,714 57,627 65,098 Income/(loss) from continuing operations 13,489 55,978 (1,059 ) Loss from discontinued operations -- -- (292,555 ) Net income/(loss) $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (293,614 ) Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: Basic - Class A 88,394,580 87,834,769 90,949,577 Basic - Class B and Common Stock -- -- 533,758 Diluted - Class A 89,045,734 88,082,978 90,949,577 Diluted - Class B and Common Stock -- -- 533,758 Per Share Amounts: Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from continuing operations $ 0.15 $ 0.64 $ (0.01 ) Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A from discontinued operations $ -- $ -- $ (3.24 ) Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class A $ 0.15 $ 0.64 $ (3.25 ) Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B from continuing operations $ -- $ -- $ (0.11 ) Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B from discontinued operations $ -- $ -- $ 4.54 Basic and diluted net income/(loss) - Class B $ -- $ -- $ 4.43 See notes to consolidated financial statements 52 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Net income/(loss) $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (293,614 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Net change in unrealized gains on cash flow hedges 112 907 10,311 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net change in unrecognized prior service costs (262 ) (157 ) (60 ) Net change in unrecognized actuarial gain/(losses) 903 948 (3,295 ) Other comprehensive income 753 1,698 6,956 Comprehensive income/(loss) $ 14,242 $ 57,676 $ (286,658 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements 53 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income/(loss) $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (293,614 ) Loss from discontinued operations -- -- (292,555 ) Net income/(loss) from continuing operations 13,489 55,978 (1,059 ) Items included in net income/(loss) from continuing operations not affecting cash flows: Depreciation and amortization 50,512 58,673 89,563 Amortization of debt discount and other deferred financing costs 4,069 5,167 6,005 Compensation relating to restricted stock, stock unit and stock option grants 3,785 2,388 7,441 Deferred income tax benefit (18,794 ) (59,047 ) (67,394 ) Undistributed earnings of affiliated companies 200 (91 ) 132 Reorganization items, non-cash -- (105 ) 5,198 Vessel impairment charges -- 5,878 104,405 Other &#8211; net 1,961 3,282 2,268 Items included in net income/(loss) related to investing and financing activities: Loss on repurchases and extinguishment of debt 3,399 3,237 2,988 (Gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, net (877 ) 7,322 127 Payments for drydocking (12,902 ) (8,390 ) (6,844 ) SEC payment, bankruptcy and IRS claim payments -- (5,000 ) (7,136 ) Distributions from INSW -- -- 202,000 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease/(increase) in receivables 6,531 (753 ) (16,794 ) (Increase)/decrease in income tax recoverable (4,797 ) (246 ) 323 Increase/(decrease) in deferred revenue 1,514 (4,639 ) 63 Net change in prepaid items and accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities (2,835 ) (20,035 ) 7,574 Net cash provided by operating activities 45,255 43,619 328,860 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements (21,807 ) -- -- Expenditures for other property (386 ) (11 ) (666 ) Proceeds from disposal of vessels and other property 2,367 1,055 -- Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities (19,826 ) 1,044 (666 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repurchases and extinguishment of debt (427,123 ) (84,170 ) (120,224 ) Issuance of debt, net of issuance and deferred financing costs 344,801 -- -- Payments on debt, including adequate protection payments (28,166 ) -- (54,345 ) Tax withholding on share-based awards (569 ) (1,157 ) -- Repurchases of common stock and common stock warrants -- -- (119,343 ) Cash dividends paid -- -- (31,910 ) Net cash used in financing activities (111,057 ) (85,327 ) (325,822 ) Net (decrease)/increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (Note 3) (85,628 ) (40,664 ) 2,372 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year (Note 3) 166,269 206,933 204,561 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year (Note 3) $ 80,641 $ 166,269 $ 206,933 Cash flows from discontinued operations: Cash flows provided by operating activities $ -- $ -- $ 111,768 Cash flows provided by investing activities -- -- 25,202 Cash flows used in financing activities -- -- (355,687 ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations $ -- $ -- $ (218,717 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements 54 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY/(DEFICIT) DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS Common Stock Paid-in Additional Capital Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Balance at December 31, 2015 $ 3,720 $ 1,651,511 $ (1,282 ) $ (73,461 ) $ 1,580,488 Net loss -- -- (293,614 ) -- (293,614 ) Other comprehensive income, net of taxes -- -- -- 6,956 6,956 Stock dividends declared and paid -- (5,070 ) (25,503 ) -- (30,573 ) Special dividend paid to Class B shareholders -- -- (1,337 ) -- (1,337 ) Vesting of restricted stock awards to be settled in cash -- (528 ) -- -- (528 ) Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 3 (3 ) -- -- -- Forfeitures and cancellation of restricted stock awards -- (363 ) -- -- (363 ) Compensation related to Class A options granted, net of forfeitures -- 2,414 -- -- 2,414 Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures -- 5,882 -- -- 5,882 Repurchase of Class A warrants and Class A common stock (5 ) (119,338 ) -- -- (119,343 ) Conversion of Class A and B warrants to common stock 413 (413 ) -- -- -- Reverse stock split (3,429 ) 3,429 -- -- -- Distribution of INSW stock -- (953,995 ) -- 58,345 (895,650 ) Balance at December 31, 2016 702 583,526 (321,736 ) (8,160 ) 254,332 Net income -- -- 55,978 -- 55,978 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes -- -- -- 1,698 1,698 Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 5 (6 ) -- -- (1 ) Forfeitures and cancellation of restricted stock awards -- (1,157 ) -- -- (1,157 ) Compensation related to Class A options granted -- 281 -- -- 281 Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards -- 2,107 -- -- 2,107 Conversion of Class A warrants to Class A common stock 76 (76 ) -- -- -- Balance at December 31, 2017 783 584,675 (265,758 ) (6,462 ) 313,238 Adoption of accounting standard - reclassification adjustment to retained earnings (Note 12) -- -- 1,483 (1,483 ) -- Adoption of accounting standard - revenue recognition (Note 22) -- -- (1,228 ) -- (1,228 ) Net income -- -- 13,489 -- 13,489 Other comprehensive income, net of taxes -- -- -- 753 753 Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 9 (9 ) -- -- -- Forfeitures and cancellation of restricted stock awards -- (569 ) -- -- (569 ) Compensation related to Class A options granted -- 838 -- -- 838 Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards -- 2,947 -- -- 2,947 Conversion of Class A warrants to Class A common stock 56 (56 ) -- -- -- Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 848 $ 587,826 $ (252,014 ) $ (7,192 ) $ 329,468 See notes to consolidated financial statements 55 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS NOTE 1 -- BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the ";Company"; or ";OSG";, or ";we"; or ";us"; or ";our";). All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in 50% &#32;or less owned affiliated companies, in which the Company exercises significant influence, are accounted for by the equity method. Dollar amounts, except per share amounts, are in thousands. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows to conform to the current period presentation. The reclassifications in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows had no impact on net cash provided by operating activities and net cash provided by/(used in) investing and financing activities. The Company owns and operates a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged primarily in the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trade through two wholly owned subsidiaries. On November 30, 2016 (the ";Distribution Date";), OSG completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned subsidiary International Seaways, Inc. (";INSW";). The spin-off separated OSG and INSW into two distinct businesses with separate management. OSG retained the U.S. Flag business and relocated its headquarters to Tampa, Florida. The spin-off transaction was in the form of a pro rata distribution of INSW';s common stock to our stockholders and warrant holders of record as of 5:00 p.m., New York time on November 18, 2016 (the ";Record Date";). On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 &#32;shares of INSW';s common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 &#32;shares of INSW';s common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution (or 0.063327 &#32;INSW shares per warrant). The spin-off was completed pursuant to a Separation and Distribution Agreement and several other agreements with INSW related to the spin-off. These agreements governed the relationship between and INSW and OSG following the spin-off and provided for the allocation of various assets, liabilities, rights and obligations. These agreements also included a Transition Services Agreement and an Employee Matters Agreement, which expired during 2017, covering arrangements for transition services to be provided by OSG to INSW and by INSW to OSG. See Note 5, "Discontinued Operations, " for additional information. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (";ASU";) 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity , the assets and liabilities and results of operations of INSW are reported as discontinued operations, net of taxes, for all periods presented. Accordingly, all references made to financial data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are to the Company';s continuing operations unless specifically noted. See Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; for additional information. As further discussed in Note 14, ";Capital Stock and Stock Compensation,"; the Company';s board of directors (the ";Board";) approved a stock dividend of Class A common stock, whereby on December 17, 2015, all stockholders of record of the Company';s Class A and B common stock as of December 3, 2015 (the ";record date";), received a dividend of one-tenth of one share of Class A common stock for each share of Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by them as of the record date. In addition, as discussed further in Note 14, effective May 27, 2016, all Class B common shares and Class B warrants automatically converted into one Class A common share and one Class A warrant, respectively, and on June 2, 2016 the Board approved an amendment (the "Reverse Split Amendment") to the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Reverse Split"). The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. &#32;In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (";FASB";) Accounting Standards Codification (";ASC";) ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , the Company adjusted the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share retroactively for all periods presented to reflect that change in its capital structure. Accordingly, amounts previously reported in 2015 with respect to earnings per share, outstanding Class A shares, Class A restricted stock units, restricted shares and stock options have been restated where appropriate. See Note 4, ";Earnings per Common Share,"; for additional information. 56 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 2 -- CHAPTER 11 FILING AND EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY In October 2012, the Company disclosed that its Audit Committee, on the recommendation of management, concluded that the Company';s previously issued financial statements for at least the three years ended December 31, 2011 and associated interim periods, and for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012, should no longer be relied upon. Shortly thereafter several putative class action suits were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company. Also named as defendants were its then President and Chief Executive Officer, its then Chief Financial Officer, its then current and certain former members of its Board of the Directors, and certain Company representatives. On November 14, 2012 (the ";Petition Date";), the Parent Company and 180 of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the ";Bankruptcy Court";). On August 5, 2014 (the "Effective Date"), a plan of reorganization (the ";Equity Plan";) became effective and OSG emerged from bankruptcy. The Company has fully and finally resolved all potential direct claims by members of the putative class of securities claimants through a settlement effectuated through the Equity Plan. Under the terms of that settlement, the Equity Plan provided for full satisfaction of claims through the payment of (i) $7,000 &#32;in cash, which was paid on August 5, 2014, (ii) $3,000 &#32;in cash, which was paid on August 5, 2015, (iii) any remaining cash in the Class E1 Disputed Claims Reserve established by the Equity Plan following resolution of all other Class E1 claims, which was paid on October 5, 2015, (iv) 15% &#32;(or $2,136 ) of the Net Litigation Recovery in the action against Proskauer (described below), which was paid on April 5, 2016, (v) $5,000 &#32;in cash, following the entry of a final order resolving the Proskauer action, which was paid on March 17, 2016, and (vi) proceeds of any residual interest the Company has in certain director and officer insurance policies. On January 23, 2017, the SEC commenced an administrative proceeding, with the Company';s consent, that fully resolved an SEC investigation that was initiated in connection with the Company';s earnings restatement announced in 2012. The Company neither admitted or denied the SEC';s allegations that the Company violated certain provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and related rules. After receiving Bankruptcy Court approval, the Company paid a $5,000 &#32;civil penalty relating to the investigation in February 2017, which was fully accrued as of December 31, 2016 . The settlement with the SEC does not require any further changes to the Company';s historical financial statements. Any indemnification or contribution claims by officers or directors of the Company that could be asserted in connection with the SEC';s investigation have been released or otherwise resolved pursuant to the Equity Plan and order of the Bankruptcy Court. On February 10, 2017, pursuant to a final decree and order of the Bankruptcy Court, OSG';s one remaining case, as the Parent Company, was closed. Reorganization Items, net Reorganization items, net represent amounts incurred after the Petition Date as a direct result of the filing of the Chapter 11 cases. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company did not incur any reorganization items, net. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, reorganization items, net were comprised of the following: Years Ended December 31, 2017 2016 Trustee fees $ 5 $ 100 Professional fees 185 2,288 Litigation settlement, net -- (20,359 ) Litigation settlement due to class action plaintiffs -- 2,136 Litigation settlement due to Class B warrant holders -- 86 Provision for claims -- 4,824 Other claim adjustments -- -- $ 190 $ (10,925 ) On February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with Proskauer Rose, LLP and four of its partners (";Proskauer Plaintiffs";) to settle a malpractice suit filed by the Company in March 2014. Settlement proceeds totaling $20,359 &#32;net of all related out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2016 are included in litigation settlement, net in the table above. 57 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Company';s settlement with members of the putative class of securities claimants, the Company recognized an income statement charge for 15% , or $2,136 , of the Net Litigation Recovery amount of $14,242 &#32;during the year ended December 31, 2016. The ";Net Litigation Recovery"; is the gross amount of the settlement less all related out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the Company since the inception of the action against the Proskauer Plaintiffs through the date of settlement. Further, as required by the Equity Plan, the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Class B Warrant Agreement, the Company distributed 10% , or $1,423 , of the Net Litigation Recovery amount to the Class B stockholders and warrant holders in May 2016. Approximately $86 &#32;of the aforementioned $1,423 , which represents the proportional share of the Net Litigation Recovery payable to the Company';s Class B warrant holders, was recognized as a charge to reorganization items, net in the second quarter of 2016. The balance of $1,337 &#32;was distributed in the form of a special dividend to the Company';s Class B stockholders and was recorded as a reduction of retained earnings. Cash paid for reorganization items, excluding the Proskauer related settlement amounts noted above, was $295 , and $2,455 &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2016 , respectively. NOTE 3 -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1. Cash and cash equivalents - Interest-bearing deposits that are highly liquid investments and have a maturity of three months or less when purchased are included in cash and cash equivalents. Pursuant to the terms of the OBS Facility, in the event of a spinoff of INSW, the Company was required to set aside, in an escrow account, cash in an aggregate amount of not less than the sum of all accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes (as defined in Note 9, ";Debt";) through the date of the consummation of the INSW Spinoff and all interest expense that will accrue under the respective outstanding Unsecured Senior Notes from the date of the consummation of the INSW Spinoff through the maturity of the respective Unsecured Senior Notes. 2. Vessels, vessel lives, deferred drydocking expenditures and other property &#32;- Vessels are recorded at cost and are depreciated to their estimated salvage value on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the vessels, which are generally 25 years &#32;(except for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30 years &#32;are used). Other property, including leasehold improvements, are recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis &#32;over the shorter of the terms of the leases or the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from 3 &#32;years to 15 years . Interest costs are capitalized to vessels during the period that vessels are under construction. During the year ended December 31, 2018, interest costs capitalized were not material and no &#32;interest was capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2016 . Expenditures incurred during a drydocking are deferred and amortized on the straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the leases or the period until the next scheduled drydocking, generally two and a half to five &#32;years. The Company only includes in deferred drydocking costs those direct costs that are incurred as part of the drydocking to meet regulatory requirements, or are expenditures that add economic life to the vessel, increase the vessel';s earnings capacity or improve the vessel';s efficiency. Direct costs include shipyard costs as well as the costs of placing the vessel in the shipyard. Expenditures for normal maintenance and repairs, whether incurred as part of the drydocking or not, are expensed as incurred. The carrying value of each of the Company';s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less depreciation calculated using estimated useful lives from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or from the date (as in the case of certain of the Company';s ATBs) a vessel was rebuilt. A vessel';s carrying value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e., its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. If the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company';s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, a prolonged weak market environment, a broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company';s customers, or other future events, it could result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any affected vessels. 3. Impairment of long-lived assets &#32;- The carrying amounts of long-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a particular asset may not be fully recoverable. In such instances, the requirement for impairment could be triggered if the estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition is less than the asset';s carrying amount. This assessment is made at the individual vessel level since 58 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel is available. The impairment charge, if any, would be measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a vessel exceeded its fair value. A long-lived asset impairment charge results in a new cost basis being established for the relevant long-lived asset. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; for further discussion on the impairment tests performed on our vessels during the three years ended December 31, 2018 . Although separate cash flow information is available at the vessel level, the Company's chief operating decision maker, the CEO, makes operating decisions at a fleet level. 4. Intangible assets - Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may be impaired. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; for further discussion on the impairment test performed on the Company's intangible assets at December 31, 2018 . 5. Deferred finance charges - Finance charges incurred in the arrangement and amendment of debt are deferred and amortized to interest expense on either an effective interest method or straight-line basis over the life of the related debt. Unamortized deferred finance charges of $217 &#32;and $418 &#32;relating to the OBS ABL Facility (as defined in Note 9, ";Debt";) are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 , respectively. Unamortized deferred financing charges of $7,528 &#32;relating to the Term Loan Credit Agreement (as defined in Note 9, ";Debt";) and $124 &#32;relating to the Wintrust loan are included in long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2018 . At December 31, 2018, unamortized deferred financing charges relating to the Unsecured Senior Notes were included in current installments of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets and were not material. Interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred financing charges amounted to $4,069 &#32;in 2018 , $5,167 &#32;in 2017 &#32;and $6,005 &#32;in 2016 . 6. Revenue and expense recognition - Revenues from time charters are accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably over the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed. In 2017 and prior, voyage revenues and expenses were recognized ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a discharge-to-discharge basis and, therefore, were allocated between reporting periods based on the relative transit time in each period. The Company adopted ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) , on January 1, 2018. Under the new standard, the Company recognizes revenue from voyage charter contracts ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge basis. See ";Recently adopted accounting standards"; below for further details. The Company classifies time charter leasing arrangements less than 90 days within the Voyage charter revenue financial statement line item because the Company believes the pricing negotiated within these short-term time charter contracts more closely aligns with the Company';s voyage charter spot market. Under voyage charters, expenses such as fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions are paid by the Company whereas, under time and bareboat charters, such voyage costs are generally paid by the Company';s customers. The Company receives an annual operating-differential subsidy pursuant to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936 for the two U.S. Flag Product Carriers which participate in the U.S. MSP program. This subsidy has been recorded as an offset to vessel expenses which amounted to $9,600 &#32;in 2018, $9,900 &#32;in 2017 and $6,200 &#32;in 2016. 7. Voyage receivables &#32;- All customers are granted credit on a short-term basis and related credit risks are considered minimal. The Company routinely reviews its voyage receivables and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts; however, those provisions are estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences may be material. Voyage receivables are deemed uncollectible and removed from accounts receivable and the allowance for doubtful accounts when collection efforts have been exhausted. 8. Concentration of Credit Risk &#32;- Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are voyage receivables due from charterers. With respect to voyage receivables, the Company limits its credit risk 59 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. by performing ongoing credit evaluations. Voyage receivables reflected in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;are net of an allowance for doubtful accounts of $774 &#32;and $682 , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company had two, three and four individual customers, respectively, who accounted for 10% &#32;or more of the Company's revenues. The customers and their related percentages were Shell ( 12% ) and Petrobras America Inc. ( 11% ) for the year ended December 31, 2018, Andeavor ( 16% ), Petrobras America Inc. ( 15% ) and Shell ( 10% ) for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Andeavor ( 16% ), Petrobras America Inc. ( 12% ), Shell ( 12% ) and Marathon Petroleum Company ( 11% ) for the year ended December 31, 2016. 9. Derivatives &#32;- ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , requires the Company to recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not effective hedges must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. If the derivative is an effective hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, a change in the fair value of the derivative is either offset against the change in fair value of the hedged item (fair value hedge), or recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedge transaction affects earnings (cash flow hedge). The ineffective portion (that is, the change in fair value of the derivative that does not offset the change in fair value of the hedged item) of an effective hedge and the full amount of the change in fair value of derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting are immediately recognized in earnings. The Company formally documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges to forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses (both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis) whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions have been highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of hedged items and whether those derivatives may be expected to remain highly effective in future periods. When it is determined that a derivative is not (or has ceased to be) highly effective as a hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively, as discussed below. The Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively when (1) it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows of a hedged item such as forecasted transactions; (2) the derivative expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised; (3) it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur; or (4) management determines that designating the derivative as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate or desired. When the Company discontinues hedge accounting because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur in the originally expected period, the gain or loss on the derivative remains in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is reclassified into earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. However, if it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur by the end of the originally specified time period or within an additional two-month period of time thereafter, the gains and losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive loss will be recognized immediately in earnings. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative remains outstanding, the Company will carry the derivative at its fair value on the balance sheet, recognizing changes in the fair value in current period earnings, unless it is designated in a new hedging relationship or terminated. During the three years ended December 31, 2018 , no &#32;ineffectiveness gains or losses were recorded in earnings relative to interest rate caps entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries that qualified for hedge accounting. Any gain or loss realized upon the early termination of an interest rate cap is recognized as an adjustment of interest expense over the shorter of the remaining term of the cap or the hedged debt. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures,"; for additional disclosures on the Company';s interest rate caps and other financial instruments. 10. Income taxes &#32;- The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Net deferred tax assets are recorded to the extent the Company believes these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such a determination, all available positive and negative evidence is considered, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and 60 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. results of recent operations. In the event the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize its deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment would be made to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes in the period such determination is made. Uncertain tax positions are recorded in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , on the basis of a two-step process whereby (1) the Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (2) for tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% &#32;likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 11. Use of estimates &#32;- The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The most significant estimates relate to the depreciation of vessels and other property, amortization of drydocking costs, estimates used in assessing the recoverability of vessels, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, liabilities incurred relating to pension benefits, and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 12. Segment information &#32;- Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities. The Company has determined that it operates its business as a single segment as its chief operating decision maker and its management team make decisions about resource allocations and review and measure the Company';s results as one line of business with similar regulatory requirements, customers and commodities transported. 13. Inventories &#32;- Inventories are included in the inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets line item in the consolidated balance sheets. Inventories are accounted for on the first in first out basis and consist of fuel on the Company';s vessels. 14. Recently adopted accounting standards &#32;- In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-09, Compensation--Stock Compensation (ASC 718) , Scope of Modification Accounting, &#32; which provides guidance in regards to a change to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award. An entity is required to account for the effects of a modification unless all the following are met: (1) the fair value of the modified award is the same as the fair value of the original award immediately before the original award is modified; (2) the vesting conditions of the modified award are the same as the vesting conditions of the original award immediately before the original award is modified; (3) the classification of the modified award as an equity instrument or a liability instrument is the same as the classification of the original award immediately before the original award is modified. The guidance is to be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within that reporting period. The adoption of this accounting policy had no impact on the Company';s consolidated financial statements since there were no stock award modifications during the year ended December 31, 2018 . In March 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-07, &#32;Compensation -- Retirement &#32; Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost , that will change how employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement benefit plans present the net periodic benefit cost in the income statement. Under ASU 2017-07, employers will present the service cost component of net periodic benefit cost in the same income statement line item(s) as other employee compensation costs arising from services rendered during the period. Only the service cost component will be eligible for capitalization in assets. Additionally, employers will present the other components of the net periodic benefit cost separately from the line item(s) that includes the service cost and outside of any subtotal of operating income, if one is presented. These components will not be eligible for capitalization in assets. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. This standard must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company retrospectively adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018. The amortization of actuarial (gain)/loss and amortization of prior service credits have been reclassified from vessel expenses and general and administrative expenses to other expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 61 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The effect of the retrospective presentation change related to the net periodic cost of the Company's domestic pension and postretirement benefit plans on its consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2017 As Previously Reported Impact of Adoption As Adjusted Vessel expenses $ 135,991 $ 157 $ 136,148 General and administrative 27,493 (29 ) 27,464 Total operating expenses 356,350 128 356,478 Income from vessel operations 34,076 (128 ) 33,948 Other expense 1,881 (128 ) 1,753 Year Ended December 31, 2016 As Previously Reported Impact of Adoption As Adjusted Vessel expenses 140,696 $ 258 $ 140,954 General and administrative 41,608 (548 ) 41,060 Total operating expenses 497,602 (290 ) 497,312 Loss from vessel operations 35,182 (290 ) 34,892 Other expense 2,391 290 2,681 In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (ASC 230): Restricted Cash , which requires that amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within that reporting period. This standard must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018. The prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation, which resulted in a decrease of $15,569 &#32;in net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2017 and an increase of $5,261 &#32;in net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2016, related to changes in restricted cash amounts. In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16, Income Taxes (ASC 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory , amending the accounting for income taxes. Under current guidance the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer is prohibited until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The amended guidance eliminates the prohibition against immediate recognition of current and deferred income tax amounts associated with intra entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The requirements of the amended guidance should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018. The adoption of the standard did not have any impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (ASC 230), which amends the guidance in ASC 230 on the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. The primary purpose of the ASU is to reduce the diversity in practice that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles on this topic with respect to (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt; (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions received from equity method investees; (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and (8) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 31, 2017. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018. The Company determined that its current accounting policies align with this standard, therefore, this standard did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 62 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606) , to provide a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers to improve comparability within industries, across industries, and across capital markets. Subsequent to the May 2014 issuance, several clarifications and updates have been issued on this topic. The underlying principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company adopted ASC 606 effective January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective transition method. The Company recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the new revenue standard as a $1,228 , net of tax, adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at January 1, 2018. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for the period presented. See Note 22, ";Revenue Recognition,"; for additional accounting policy and transition disclosures. In February 2018 the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income , that gives entities the option to reclassify to retained earnings tax effects related to items that have been stranded in accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (";TCJA";). The new guidance may be applied retrospectively to each period in which the effect of the TCJA is recognized in the period of adoption. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued or made available for issuance, including the period the TCJA was enacted. The guidance, when adopted, will require new disclosures regarding a company';s accounting policy for releasing the tax effects in AOCI and permit the company the option to reclassify to retained earnings the tax effects resulting from the TCJA that are stranded in AOCI. The Company early adopted the guidance at December 31, 2018 using the beginning of the period transition method. As a result, the Company reclassified $1,483 &#32;from AOCI to retained earnings related to pension items. See Note 12, ";Taxes,"; for additional accounting policy and transition disclosures. 15. &#32;Recently issued accounting standards &#32;-- In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework - Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement , which eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all entities, requires public entities to disclose certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in interim periods, including periods for which financial statements have not been issued or financial statements have not been made available for issuance. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases , which is included in the ASC in Topic 842. ASU 2016-02 is intended to improve transparency and comparability of lease accounting among organizations. For leases with a term greater than 12 months, the amendments require the lease rights and obligations arising from the leasing arrangements, including operating leases, to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. However, the effect on the statement of operations and the statement of cash flows is largely unchanged from current GAAP. The amendments also expand the required disclosures surrounding leasing arrangements. The update is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019 and can be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented in the financial statements or retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption through a cumulative-effect adjustment. The Company plans to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective approach effective January 1, 2019. The Company's lease portfolio is primarily comprised of vessel charters in and office space. The adoption of this guidance is expected to have a significant impact on vessels and other property within the Company's consolidated balance sheet due to the recognition of the right of use asset and liability for the Company's operating leases. As of December 31, 2018, the future minimum commitments for the Company's leased vessels was approximately $330,834 , as presented in Note 16, ";Leases";. The Company plans to apply the package of practical expedients that allows companies not to reassess whether any expired or expiring contracts are or contain leases, lease classification for any expired or expiring leases and initial direct costs for any expired or expiring leases. Also, the Company intends to make the accounting policy election to keep leases with a term of 12 months or less off the balance sheet. Finally, the Company has commenced implementing changes to processes and internal controls to meet the standard's updated reporting and disclosure requirements. 63 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company plans to apply the FASB practical expedient which provides lessors with an option to not separate non-lease components from the associated lease components of a contract. As a result, the Company will elect to not separate non-lease components of time charter contracts from the associated lease because the required criteria has been met. 64 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 4 -- EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing earnings, after the deduction of dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. As management deemed the exercise price for the Class A of $0.01 &#32;per share to be nominal, warrant proceeds are ignored and the shares issuable upon Class A warrant exercise are included in the calculation of Class A basic weighted average common shares outstanding for all periods. The computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and restricted stock units. Participating securities are defined by ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , as unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents and are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. On June 2, 2016 the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. In accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , the Company adjusted the computations of basic and diluted earnings per share retroactively for all periods presented to reflect that change in its capital structure. Accordingly, amounts previously reported for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 with respect to income/(loss) per share, outstanding Class A common shares, Class A restricted stock units, Class A restricted shares and Class A stock options, Class B shares and Class B warrants have been restated, where appropriate. The table below shows the effect of the Reverse Split on the calculation of per share amounts previously reported. Three Months Ending (Thousands of shares) March 31, 2016 (unaudited) Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate basic net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class A (473,688 ) Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate diluted net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class A (473,688 ) Decrease in weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate basic and diluted net income/(loss) per share amounts for Class B (6,600 ) Class A As of December 31, 2018, there were no &#32;weighted average shares of unvested Class A restricted common stock shares considered to be participating securities. There were 32,120 &#32;and 54,993 &#32;weighted average shares of unvested Class A restricted common stock shares considered to be participating securities as of December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2016 , respectively. Such participating securities were allocated a portion of income under the two-class method for the year ended December 31, 2017 , but no &#32;allocation of loss was made for the year ended December 31, 2016 &#32;since the holders of the participating securities do not participate in losses. The computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and restricted stock units not classified as participating securities. As of December 31, 2018 , there were 912,315 &#32;shares of Class A restricted stock units and 866,011 &#32;Class A stock options outstanding and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. As of December 31, 2017 &#32;there were 660,999 &#32;shares of Class A restricted stock units and 371,893 &#32;Class A stock options outstanding and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. As of December 31, 2016 &#32;there were 485,223 &#32;shares of Class A restricted stock units and 1,114,103 &#32;Class A stock options outstanding and considered to be potentially dilutive securities. Class B There are no &#32;participating securities or potentially dilutive securities relating to the Class B Common Stock. The Class B shares were all converted to Class A shares in May 2016. 65 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The components of the calculation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share are as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Income/(loss) from continuing operations $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (1,059 ) (Loss)/income from discontinued operations -- -- (292,555 ) Net income/(loss) $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (293,614 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Class A common stock - basic 88,394,580 87,834,769 90,949,577 Class A common stock - diluted 89,045,734 88,082,978 90,949,577 Class B common stock - basic -- -- 533,758 Class B common stock - diluted -- -- 533,758 Reconciliations of the numerator of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations are as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Net income/(loss) from continuing operations allocated to: Class A Common Stockholders $ 13,489 $ 55,957 $ (1,002 ) Class B Common Stockholders (2) -- -- (57 ) Participating securities (1) -- 21 -- $ 13,489 $ 55,978 $ (1,059 ) Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations allocated to: Class A Common Stockholders $ -- $ -- $ (295,001 ) Class B Common Stockholders (2) -- -- 2,426 Participating securities (1) -- -- 20 $ -- $ -- $ (292,555 ) (1) For the year ended December 31, 2017, income from continuing operations allocated to participating securities relates to unvested restricted stock. For the year ended December 31, 2016, income from discontinued operations allocated to participating securities relates to amounts equivalent to the cash dividends declared. (2) The December 31, 2016 income allocated to Class B common stockholders includes amounts equivalent to the special cash dividends declared on the Class B common stock shares. For annual earnings per share calculations, there were 651,154 &#32;and 248,209 &#32;dilutive equity awards outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. Awards of 469,112 , 732,690 &#32;and 1,074,548 &#32;shares of common stock for 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 , respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because inclusion of these awards would be anti-dilutive. NOTE 5 -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS As discussed in Note 1, on November 30, 2016 the Company completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. In connection with the spin-off, OSG and INSW entered into a number of agreements that provide a framework for governing the relationships between the parties going forward. Separation and Distribution Agreement OSG entered into a separation and distribution agreement (the ";Separation and Distribution Agreement";) with INSW, which among other things, sets forth other agreements that govern the aspects of the relationship as follows. 66 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Transfer of Assets and Assumption of Liabilities . The Separation and Distribution Agreement identified certain transfers of assets and assumptions of liabilities that were necessary in advance of the spin-off of INSW from OSG so that OSG and INSW retained the assets of, and the liabilities associated with, their respective businesses. The Separation and Distribution Agreement also provided for the settlement or extinguishment of certain liabilities and other obligations between OSG and INSW. Legal Matters and Claims; Sharing of Certain Liabilities. &#32;Subject to any specified exceptions, each party to the Separation and Distribution Agreement has assumed the liability for, and control of, all pending and threatened legal matters related to its own business, as well as assumed or retained liabilities, and has indemnified the other party for any liability arising out of or resulting from such assumed legal matters. Other Matters. &#32;In addition to those matters discussed above, the Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, (i) governs the transfer of assets and liabilities generally, (ii) terminates all intercompany arrangements between OSG and INSW except for specified agreements and arrangements that follow the Distribution, (iii) contains further assurances, terms and conditions that require OSG and INSW to use commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Separation and Distribution Agreement and the ancillary agreements, (iv) releases certain claims between the parties and their affiliates, successors and assigns, (v) contains mutual indemnification clauses and (vi) allocates expenses of the spin-off between the parties. Transition Services Agreement OSG and INSW entered into a transition services agreement (the ";TSA"; or ";Transition Services Agreement";) pursuant to which both parties agreed to provide each other with specified services for a limited time to help ensure an orderly transition following the Distribution. The Transition Services Agreement specified the calculation of the costs for these services. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, OSG provided certain administrative services, including administrative support services related to benefit plans, human resources and legal services, for a transitional period after the spin-off. Similarly, INSW had agreed to provide certain limited transition services to OSG, including services relating to accounting activities and information and data provision services. The Transition Services Agreement provided for termination 30 days &#32;after the expiration or termination of all of the services provided thereunder. During the second quarter of 2017, the Transition Services Agreement terminated. Employee Matters Agreement OSG and INSW entered into an employee matters agreement (the ";Employee Matters Agreement";), which addressed the allocation and treatment of assets and liabilities relating to employees and compensation and benefit plans and programs in which INSW employees participated, including equity incentive plans. The Employee Matters Agreement also governed the transfer of employees between OSG and INSW in connection with the Distribution, and set forth certain obligations for reimbursements and indemnities between OSG and INSW. During the second quarter of 2017, the Employee Matters Agreement terminated. 67 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Results of Discontinued Operations The table below presents statements of operations data for INSW, which has been classified as discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. Year Ended December 31, 2016 Shipping revenues: Pool revenues $ 226,329 Time and bareboat charter revenues 88,786 Voyage charter revenues 50,005 365,120 Operating expenses: Voyage expenses 11,219 Vessel expenses 129,914 Charter hire expenses 32,790 Depreciation and amortization 73,039 General and administrative 17,900 Technical management transition costs -- Spin-off related costs 16,763 Severance costs 243 Loss/(gain) on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments 382,163 Total Operating Expenses 664,031 (Loss)/Income from Vessel Operations (298,911 ) Equity in Income of Affiliated Companies 44,067 Operating (Loss)/Income (254,844 ) Other (Expense)\Income (968 ) (Loss)/Income before Interest Expense, Reorganization Items and Taxes (255,812 ) Interest expense 36,430 (Loss)/Income before Reorganization Items and Income Taxes (292,242 ) Reorganization Items, net -- (Loss)/Income before Income Taxes (292,242 ) Income Tax Provision 313 Net (Loss)/Income $ (292,555 ) Corporate administrative expenses, reorganization costs, employee compensation and benefits related costs, severance costs and depreciation for certain administrative fixed assets were allocated to INSW through November 30, 2016, in accordance with the "Shared Services and Cost Sharing Agreement" and the "Cost Sharing Agreement" by and among, OSG, INSW and OBS. However, in accordance with the accounting standards for discontinued operations, only costs directly attributable to INSW are to be reported in the results from discontinued operations. As such, the allocated costs in the table above will differ from the costs allocated to INSW (and reported or to be reported by INSW) in accordance with the aforementioned cost sharing agreements as discussed further in Note 13, ";Related Parties."; Total indirect costs allocated to INSW that are included in continuing operations in the consolidated statement of operations are $15,380 &#32;for the year ended December 31, 2016 . Such amounts include reorganization items, net of $131 &#32;for the year ended December 31, 2016. Also, in accordance with the discontinued operations accounting standards, approximately $12,264 &#32;of one-time separation costs incurred by OSG and that are directly attributable to the spin-off transaction have been classified in the loss from discontinued operations and are included in the table above. 68 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Vessel and Investment in Joint Venture Impairments &#8211; Held for Sale Basis (Disposal Group) ASC 845 requires that the accounting for the distribution of nonmonetary assets to owners of an entity in a spinoff be based on the recorded amount (after reduction, if appropriate, for an indicated impairment of value). Based on ASC 505, the nonmonetary distribution of the assets of INSW constitute the disposal of a business. Accordingly, OSG's distribution of the shares of INSW to its stockholders on November 30, 2016 was recorded based on the carrying value of the INSW disposal group, after reduction for net impairment charges recognized for the excess of the carrying value of the INSW disposal group over its fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. The determination of fair value is highly judgmental. In estimating the fair value of INSW';s vessels as of November 30, 2016 the Company considered the market and income approaches by using a combination of third party appraisals and discounted cash flow models prepared by the Company. In preparing the discounted cash flow models, the Company used a methodology consistent with the methodology and assumptions detailed in the ";Vessel Impairment &#8211; Held for Use Basis"; section below, and discounted the cash flows using its current estimate of INSW';s weighted average cost of capital, of 9% . The INSW disposal group includes an approximate 50% &#32;interest in two joint ventures. One joint venture operates four LNG Carriers. The other joint venture converted two ULCCs to Floating Storage and Offloading Service (";FSO";) vessels. In estimating the fair value of INSW';s investments in and advances to these joint ventures as of November 30, 2016, the Company utilized an income approach since there is a lack of comparable market transactions for the specially built assets held by the joint ventures, by preparing discounted cash flow models. In preparing the discounted cash flows models the Company used a methodology largely consistent with the methodology and assumptions detailed in the ";Vessel Impairment &#8211; Held for Use Basis"; section below, with the exception being that as the assets owned by the joint ventures serve under specific service contracts, the estimated charter rates for periods after the expiry of the existing contracts are based upon management';s internally forecasted rates. The cash flows were discounted using the current estimated weighted average cost of capital for each joint venture, which ranged from 8.7% &#32;to 9.5% &#32;and took into consideration country risk, entity size and uncertainty with respect to the cash flows for periods beyond the current charter expiries. Accordingly, the Company recorded a charge in the fourth quarter of 2016, as part of income/(loss) from discontinued operations of $332,562 &#32;to reduce the carrying value of the disposal group to its estimated fair value, calculated on a held for sale basis. Vessel Impairment &#8211; Held for Use Basis For INSW';s International Flag fleet, the Company monitored the industry wide decline in vessel valuations during 2016 and specifically from June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016, as well as the decline in forecasted near term charter rates, and concluded that declines in vessel valuations of up to 20% &#32;during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 for 28 &#32;vessels in its International Flag fleet with carrying values in excess of their estimated market values, constituted an impairment trigger event for these vessels as of September 30, 2016. In developing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, the Company made assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions including charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. The estimated daily time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days were based on a combination of (i) internally forecasted rates that are consistent with forecasts provided to the Company';s senior management and Board of Directors, and (ii) the trailing 12-year historical average rates, based on quarterly average rates published by a third party maritime research service. The internally forecasted rates were based on management';s evaluation of current economic data and trends in the shipping and oil and gas industries. In estimating the fair value of the vessels for the purposes of step 2 of the impairment tests, the Company developed fair value estimates that utilized a market approach which considered an average of two vessel appraisals. Based on the tests performed, impairment charges totaling $49,640 &#32;were recorded on two &#32;LR1s, an Aframax and a Panamax to write-down their carrying values to their estimated fair values at September 30, 2016. The aggregate fair value of the four &#32;impaired vessels totaling $68,875 &#32;was determined using the market approach, which considers the expected sales prices of the vessels obtained from third-party appraisals. The remaining 24 &#32;vessels tested had estimated undiscounted future cash flows in excess of their carrying values. Because the determination of the fair value of the disposal group was based in part on an income approach, which utilized cash flow projections consistent with the most recent projections of the Company, such fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy (See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures"; for fair value hierarchy definitions). 69 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 6 -- VESSELS, OTHER PROPERTY AND DEFERRED DRYDOCK Vessels and other property consist of the following: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Vessels, at cost $ 845,868 $ 849,713 Accumulated depreciation (248,939 ) (217,633 ) Vessels, net 596,929 632,080 Other property, at cost 5,895 5,630 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (5,165 ) (5,201 ) Other property, net 730 429 Total vessels and other property $ 597,659 $ 632,509 On January 2, 2019, the Company entered into a 10 -year bareboat charter agreement for a U.S. flagged product tanker. The Company's annual commitments under the bareboat charter agreement are $2,782 &#32;(2019), $4,172 &#32;(2020), $4,161 &#32;(2021), $4,161 &#32;(2022), $4,161 &#32;(2023) and $21,352 &#32;thereafter. On December 6, 2018, the Company sold one ATB and one barge for $2,367 , net of broker commission of $61 . As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a gain of $877 , which is included in (gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments in the consolidated statements of operations. In July 2018, the Company signed binding contracts with Hyundai Mipo Dockyard Company Ltd. for the construction of two &#32; 50,000 &#32;deadweight tons class product chemical tankers for anticipated delivery to the Company during the second half of 2019 . The Company's annual commitments under the contracts are $60,000 &#32;in 2019 , of which the majority is due when the vessels are accepted by the Company. Additionally, in July 2018, the Company signed a binding contract with Gunderson Marine LLC for the construction of one &#32;approximately 204,000 &#32;BBL, oil and chemical tank barge for anticipated delivery to the Company during the first half of 2020. The Company's annual commitments under the contract are $39,213 &#32;in 2019 &#32;and $5,059 &#32;in 2020 . In January 2019, the Company exercised an option to construct a second approximately 204,000 &#32;BBL, oil and chemical tank barge for anticipated delivery to the Company during the second half of 2020. The Company's annual commitments under the contract are $19,622 &#32;in 2019 and $31,343 &#32;in 2020. In June 2018, one &#32;of the Company's ATBs was berthed to the dock when a third-party ship transiting the channel hit the Company's ATB causing structural damage to the Company's ATB and damage to the dock. The cost of repairs has been covered by existing insurance policies. The Company has filed a lawsuit against the third-party ship seeking recovery of its costs of repairs as well as its lost earnings from the ATB being off-hire for 46 &#32;repair days. On November 20, 2017, the Company sold one rebuilt ATB for $1,055 , net of broker commission of $27 . As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a loss of $7,322 , which is included in (gain)/loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments in the consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2018 , the Company';s owned vessel fleet with a weighted average age of 10.2 years , consisted of four &#32;Handysize Product Carriers, two &#32;lightering ATBs and five &#32;clean ATBs. These vessels are pledged as collateral under the term loan agreements and OBS ABL Facility and have an aggregate carrying value of $588,733 . 70 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Vessel activity, excluding construction in progress, for the three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;is summarized as follows: Vessel Cost Accumulated Depreciation Net Book Value Balance at December 31, 2015 $ 1,156,117 $ (313,392 ) $ 842,725 Impairment (264,095 ) 163,563 Depreciation -- (58,489 ) Balance at December 31, 2016 892,022 (208,318 ) 683,704 Impairment (6,957 ) 1,079 Depreciation -- (37,681 ) Disposals (35,352 ) 27,287 Balance at December 31, 2017 849,713 (217,633 ) 632,080 Depreciation -- (33,851 ) Disposals (3,845 ) 2,545 Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 845,868 $ (248,939 ) $ 596,929 The total of vessel additions can differ from expenditures for vessels as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows because of the timing of when payments were made. Drydocking activity for the three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;is summarized as follows: 2018 2017 2016 Balance at January 1 $ 23,914 $ 31,172 $ 58,166 Additions 14,031 8,787 2,626 Sub-total 37,945 39,959 60,792 Drydock amortization (11,846 ) (16,045 ) (25,747 ) Impairments -- -- (3,873 ) Balance at December 31 $ 26,099 $ 23,914 $ 31,172 NOTE 7 -- EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT Investment in affiliated company is comprised of the Company';s 37.5% &#32;interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, which manages vessels carrying Alaskan crude for BP West Coast Products, LLC (";BP";). In the first quarter of 1999, OSG, BP, and Keystone Shipping Company formed Alaska Tanker Company, LLC (";ATC";) to manage the vessels carrying Alaskan crude oil for BP. ATC provides marine transportation services in the environmentally sensitive Alaskan crude oil trade. Each member in ATC is entitled to receive its respective share of any incentive charter hire payable by BP to ATC. The Company has accounted for the investment in ATC as an equity&#8211;method investment because the Company does not individually retain the power to significantly impact the economic performance of ATC and the Company';s maximum exposure to losses in ATC is limited to their initial capital investment in ATC, which is not material. As of December 31, 2018, the carrying value of the Company';s investment in ATC was $3,585 , which includes the Company';s respective share of distribution of $3,538 . Under Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, the Company is required to file separate audited financial statements of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, for the year ended December 31, 2018. The Company expects to file those financial statements by amendment to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A on or before March 29, 2019. 71 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. A condensed summary of the assets and liabilities of the equity method investment follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Current assets $ 38,949 $ 38,091 Total assets $ 38,949 $ 38,091 Current liabilities $ 21,652 $ 20,555 Non-current liabilities 17,286 18,814 Equity/(deficiency) 11 (1,278 ) Total liabilities and equity $ 38,949 $ 38,091 A condensed summary of the results of operations of the equity method investments follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Shipping revenues $ 105,115 $ 106,894 $ 110,503 Ship operating expenses (95,315 ) (97,903 ) (100,752 ) Income from vessel operations 9,800 8,991 9,751 Net income $ 9,461 $ 9,993 $ 9,751 72 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 8 -- INTANGIBLE ASSETS Intangible Assets Intangible assets activity for three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;is summarized as follows: Total Balance at January 1, 2016 $ 50,217 Amortization (4,600 ) Balance at December 31, 2016 45,617 Amortization (4,600 ) Balance at December 31, 2017 41,017 Amortization (4,600 ) Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 36,417 As discussed in Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; the Company';s intangible assets at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;consist of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The gross intangible assets were $92,000 &#32;at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 . The unamortized balance of the Company's intangible assets at December 31, 2018 will be recognized over the remaining useful life, which is eight years . Amortization of intangible assets for the five &#32;years subsequent to December 31, 2018 is expected to approximate $4,600 &#32;per year. NOTE 9 -- DEBT Debt consists of the following: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Term loan, due 2023, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $7,528 $ 317,472 $ -- Term loan, due 2026, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $124 27,376 -- 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $4 and $6 297 295 7.50% notes due 2024 390 390 OBS term loan net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $7,037 -- 448,251 Total debt 345,535 448,936 Less current installments of long-term debt 23,240 28,160 Total long-term debt $ 322,295 $ 420,776 The weighted average interest rate for debt outstanding at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;was 7.49% &#32;and 5.51% , respectively. Exit Financing Facilities and Term Loans Capitalized terms used hereafter have the meaning given in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the respective transaction documents referred to below, including subsequent amendments thereto. As discussed in Note 2, ";Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"; to support the Equity Plan, OSG and certain of its subsidiaries entered into secured debt facilities including: (i) a secured asset-based revolving loan facility of $75,000 , among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto (the ";OBS ABL Facility";), secured by a first lien on substantially all of the U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on certain other specified U.S. Flag assets; and (ii) a secured term loan of $603,000 , among the Parent Company, OBS, certain OBS subsidiaries, Jefferies Finance LLC (";Jefferies";), as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto (the ";OBS Term Loan";), secured by a first lien on certain specified U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and a second lien on substantially all of the other U.S. Flag assets of OBS and its subsidiaries and collectively with the OBS ABL Facility and the OBS Term Loan, (the ";Exit Financing Facilities";), among OSG, Jefferies, as Administrative Agent, and other lenders party thereto. 73 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Interest on the Exit Financing Facilities was calculated, at the Company';s option, based upon (i) an alternate base rate (";ABR";) plus the applicable margin or (ii) Adjusted LIBOR plus the applicable margin. ABR is defined as the highest of (i) the Base Rate (the prime rate published in The Wall Street Journal), (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50% , (iii) the one-month Adjusted LIBOR Rate plus 1.00% &#32;and (iv) 2.00% &#32;per annum. The OBS ABL Facility applicable margin varies based upon undrawn availability under the commitment and is subject to certain pricing adjustments. The OBS ABL Facility provides for quarterly payment of commitment fees at a rate of 0.50% &#32;for each quarter during which the daily average Total Revolving Exposure is less than 50% of Total Revolving Commitments or 0.375% &#32;for each quarter during which the daily average the Total Revolving Exposure is greater than or equal to 50% of Total Revolving Commitments. On March 16, 2018 and March 29, 2018, the Company made a mandatory prepayment of $28,166 &#32;and optional prepayment of $47,000 &#32;on its OBS Term Loan, respectively. The aggregate net loss of $981 &#32;realized on these transactions during the year ended December 31, 2018 reflects a write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. On November 19, 2018, two of the Company's subsidiaries closed on a loan from Wintrust Commercial Finance, a division of Wintrust Asset Finance Inc. (";Wintrust";), in the amount of $27,500 . The loan is secured by first preferred ship mortgages on the Overseas Mykonos and Overseas Santorini, and a guaranty from the Company. The loan bears interest at a rate equal to the prevailing 30-Day LIBOR plus 4.00% &#32;and matures on November 19, 2026. In addition, on November 19, 2018, the Company used the proceeds from the Wintrust loan to make a voluntary prepayment of $27,500 &#32;on its OBS Term Loan. The aggregate net loss of $191 &#32;realized on this transaction reflects a write-off of unamortized original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018. On December 21, 2018, OSG, as the Parent Company (as a guarantor), OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. (";OBS";) and certain OBS subsidiaries (the ";Borrowers";) closed on a five -year $325,000 &#32;term loan credit facility with The Prudential Insurance Company of America and other syndicate lenders (the ";Term Loan Credit Agreement";). The Company used the proceeds from the Term Loan Credit Agreement, along with a cash payment of $27,623 &#32;to payoff its existing OBS Term Loan. The Term Loan Credit Agreement bears interest at a rate equal to the prevailing 30-Day LIBOR plus 5.00% &#32;and matures on December 21, 2023. The aggregate net loss of $2,227 &#32;on this transaction reflects a write-off of original issue discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reductions and is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2018. The Borrowers' obligations under the Term Loan Credit Agreement (the ";Guaranteed Obligations";) are guaranteed by OSG, and OSG has pledged the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of OBS as security for the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to a pledge agreement between the Company and PGIM, Inc. as collateral agent. The Borrowers'; obligations are also secured by security interests in all of the Borrowers'; assets and by mortgages covering two tankers, eight tugs and seven barges. Upon 30 days'; prior written notice, the Borrowers may prepay the outstanding indebtedness in full (or in part) at par plus accrued interest and an additional sum as a premium that varies based on the date of the prepayment. Any amount prepaid under the Term Loan Credit Agreement may not be reborrowed. Additionally, certain events, such as the sale of vessels serving as collateral, will require a mandatory partial or full repayment. No prepayment premium shall apply to any such mandatory prepayment. In connection with the Term Loan Credit Agreement, OSG and its affiliates also entered into an amendment to the OBS ABL Facility among OSG, OBS as administrative borrower, certain subsidiaries of OBS as co-borrowers, other guarantors, lender, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. Pursuant to such amendment, the OBS ABL Facility agreement was amended to permit the transactions contemplated under the Term Loan Credit Agreement, reduce the maximum credit line from $75,000 &#32;to $30,000 , reduce the number of vessels that serve as collateral and extend the term through August 2, 2019. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, no &#32;amounts had been drawn under the OBS ABL Facility. The applicable margins and floor interest rates for the Exit Financing Facilities and term loans is as follows: Facility OBS ABL Facility OBS Term Loan Term loan, due 2023 Term loan, due 2026 Rate ABR LIBOR ABR LIBOR ABR LIBOR ABR LIBOR Floor None None 2.00% 1.00% None 0.00% None 0.00% Applicable Margin 1.25% - 1.75% 2.25% - 2.75% 3.25% 4.25% None 4.00% None 5.00% 74 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Unsecured Senior Notes The Company had the following unsecured notes issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 . 7.5% Notes (the ";7.5% Notes";) &#8211; &#32;These notes were issued on March 7, 2003 and consisted of $146,000 &#32;in face value, which were due on February 15, 2024 . Pursuant to the Equity Plan, the Company issued two series of 7.50% &#32;Notes due February 15, 2021 , one series in an aggregate principal amount of $6,508 &#32;(the ";Election 1 Notes";) and the other series in an aggregate principal amount of $138,708 &#32;(the ";Election 2 Notes"; and together with the Election 1 Notes, the ";Election Notes";) to holders of the 7.50% &#32;Notes due 2024 (the ";2024 Notes";) that elected to receive Election 1 Notes or Election 2 Notes, as the case may be. The outstanding Election 1 notes were repurchased and retired during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Election 2 Notes have substantially the same terms as the 2024 Notes, other than the (i) the maturity date and (ii) definitions and provisions related to a holder';s right to require the Company to repurchase such holder';s Election 2 Notes upon the occurrence of certain changes in the ownership or control of OSG. Under the Third Supplemental indenture, such right is triggered only upon the occurrence of both, a Change of Control and a Rating Decline (each as defined in the Third Supplemental Indenture). The Election 2 Notes (i) accrue interest at the rate of 7.50% &#32;per annum from August 5, 2014, payable on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning on February 15, 2015, to holders of record on the immediately preceding February 1 and August 1; (ii) are the Company';s general, unsecured obligations and rank equally and ratably in right of payment with its existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness; (iii) may not be redeemed prior to their maturity dates; (iv) are subject to repurchase upon certain changes of ownership or control (the provisions of which, as noted above, are different between the two series of notes); (v) are subject to certain covenants and limitations, including that the Company may not, directly or indirectly, Incur as such term (and all capitalized terms hereafter in this paragraph) are defined within the applicable indenture, assume or suffer to exist any Mortgage on or with respect to any property or assets, now owned or hereafter acquired, to secure any present or future Designated Debt without making effective provision for securing the notes in certain circumstances; and (vi) restrict the Company';s ability to merge or consolidate with another person. Debt Repurchases, Extinguishments and Modifications In October 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted and approved resolutions relating to a consent solicitation (the ";Consent Solicitation";) and a tender offer (the ";Tender Offer";), whereby the Company was authorized to repurchase certain amounts of the Company';s Unsecured Senior Notes. In addition, the Company also solicited consents from registered holders of the Unsecured Senior Notes to approve certain amendments to the applicable indenture governing such series of Unsecured Senior Notes. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company repurchased and retired an aggregate principal amount of $0 &#32;and $294 , respectively, of its 7.50% &#32;notes due 2024 and $55,202 &#32;and $37,345 , respectively, of its 8.125% &#32;notes due 2018. The aggregate losses of $2,495 &#32;and $2,463 &#32;realized on these transactions during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The net losses reflect a $504 &#32;and $784 &#32;write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs associated with the repurchased debt during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. On December 27, 2017, the Company deposited cash in the amount of $27,491 &#32;with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, to pay the principal of $26,417 &#32;plus accrued and unpaid interest of $514 &#32;on all of the outstanding 8.125% &#32;Notes ("Remaining Notes") on their stated maturity. As a result, the Company's obligations under the indenture and the Remaining Notes were satisfied and the indenture was cancelled and discharged. The aggregate loss of $742 &#32;realized on this transaction during the year ended December 31, 2017 is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The net loss reflects a $182 &#32;write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs. 75 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The following table summarizes interest expense, including amortization of issuance and deferred financing costs, commitment, administrative and other fees, recognized during the three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;with respect to the Company';s debt facilities: Years Ended December 31, Debt facility 2018 2017 2016 OBS Facilities $ 29,769 $ 30,308 $ 32,460 Term loan, due 2023 801 -- -- Term loan, due 2026 210 -- -- 7.50% notes due 2021-2024 252 102 121 8.125% notes -- 5,568 10,200 Total expense on debt facilities $ 31,032 $ 35,978 $ 42,781 As of December 31, 2018 , the aggregate annual principal payments required to be made on the Company's debt are as follows: 2019 $ 23,244 2020 28,929 2021 29,229 2022 28,929 2023 231,012 Thereafter 11,848 Total $ 353,191 Interest paid was $29,052 , $31,283 &#32;and $37,875 &#32;in December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 , respectively. 76 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 10 -- FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, DERIVATIVES AND FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash-- &#32;The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for interest-bearing deposits approximate their fair value. Debt-- &#32;The fair values of the Company';s publicly traded and non-public debt are estimated based on quoted market prices. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , relating to fair value measurements, defines fair value and established a framework for measuring fair value. The ASC 820 fair value hierarchy distinguishes between market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, essentially an exit price. In addition, the fair value of assets and liabilities should include consideration of non-performance risk, which for the liabilities described below includes the Company's own credit risk. The levels of the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820 are as follows: Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;of the assets or liabilities Financial Instruments that are not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The estimated fair values of the Company';s financial instruments, other than derivatives, that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, categorized based upon the fair value hierarchy, at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 , are as follows: Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 December 31, 2018: Assets Cash (1) $ 80,641 $ -- $ -- Total $ 80,641 $ -- $ -- Liabilities Term loan agreement, due 2023 $ 317,472 $ -- $ 325,000 Term loan agreement, due 2026 27,376 -- 26,500 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021 297 -- 229 7.5% notes due 2024 390 -- 296 Total $ 345,535 $ -- $ 352,025 77 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Carrying Value Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 December 31, 2017: Assets Cash (1) $ 166,269 $ 166,269 $ -- Total $ 166,269 $ 166,269 $ -- Liabilities OBS Term loan 448,251 -- 441,630 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021 295 -- 305 7.5% notes due 2024 390 -- 380 Total $ 448,936 $ -- $ 442,315 (1) &#32;Includes current and non-current restricted cash aggregating $224 &#32;and $275 &#32;at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 , respectively. Derivatives Interest Rate Risk OBS was party to an interest rate cap agreement (";Interest Rate Cap";) with a start date of February 15, 2015 with a major financial institution covering a notional amount of $375,000 &#32;to limit the floating interest rate exposure associated with the OBS Term Loan. The Interest Rate Cap terminated on February 5, 2018. The Interest Rate Cap was designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge, contained no leverage features and had a cap rate of 2.5% &#32;through February 5, 2017, at which time the cap rate increased to 3.0% &#32;through the termination date of February 5, 2018. The effect of cash flow hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss) excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (effective portion), including hedges of equity method investees, for the year ended December 31, 2016 &#32;was a decrease to continuing operations of $97 &#32;and a decrease to discontinued operations of $5,797 . For the year ended December 31, 2017, there was an immaterial effect of cash flow hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss) excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (effective portion), including hedges of equity method investees. 78 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The effect of cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated statements of operations is presented excluding hedges of equity method investees. The effect of the Company';s cash flow hedging relationships on the consolidated statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 is shown below: Statement of Operations Effective Portion of Gain/(Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Ineffective Portion Location Amount of Loss Location Amount of Loss For the year ended December 31, 2018: Interest Rate Cap Interest expense $ (181 ) Interest expense $ -- Total $ (181 ) $ -- For the year ended December 31, 2017: Interest Rate Cap Interest expense $ (1,423 ) Interest expense $ -- Total $ (1,423 ) $ -- For the year ended December 31, 2016: Interest Rate Cap Interest expense $ (339 ) Interest expense $ -- Interest rate caps Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations (408 ) -- $ (747 ) $ -- See Note 15, ";Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss,"; for disclosures relating to the impact of derivative instruments on accumulated other comprehensive loss. Nonfinancial Instruments that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Vessel Impairments During the year ended December 31, 2018 , the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred since December 31, 2017 &#32;that could indicate the carrying amounts of the vessels in the Company's fleet may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2018 . The Company concluded that no such events or changes in circumstances had occurred. Based on the sale of one of the Company's ATBs during the fourth quarter of 2017 (see Note 6, ";Vessels, Other Property and Deferred Drydock";), the Company noted declines in the current fair market value for scrap metal in the U.S. for these vessel types. In addition, the Company determined that five &#32;of the Company's ATBs are more likely than not to be sold or disposed of during the next six &#32;to 18 &#32;months, which is either at or towards the end of their estimated useful lives, at this lower scrap value. These factors were viewed as impairment triggering events for seven &#32;of the Company's rebuilt ATBs as of December 31, 2017. The indicators discussed above were not considered to be impairment triggering events for the other ATBs and tankers in the Company';s fleet as these vessels (i) were fairly recently built and do not face the same commercial obsolescence issues faced by the rebuilt ATBs, and (ii) are currently operating under long-term charters or contracts of affreightment. In developing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, management made assumptions about future performance, including estimated charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, salvage value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. The assumptions about the estimated remaining useful lives of the seven ATBs reflects management';s current belief that the Company would dispose of these ATBs at the expiry of associated charters or before the performance of the next required drydocking. Based on tests performed, the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for four of the seven ATBs were less than their December 31, 2017 carrying values. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $5,878 , which is included in loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments in the consolidated statements of operations, to write down the carrying values of the four 79 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ATBs to their estimated fair values as of December 31, 2017, using estimates of discounted future cash flows for each of the vessels. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company considered changes in circumstances that appeared to be indicative of a continued weakening of the Jones Act crude oil transportation market. Such indicators included a decline in the number of Jones Act tank vessels transporting crude oil, which led to (i) increased competition for clean cargoes and the idling of some Jones Act vessels; (ii) a sharp decrease in estimated spot rates for Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs between July and September 2016; and (iii) a significant decline in forecasted near term TCE rates reported by a leading third party industry analyst. These factors were viewed as an impairment triggering event for the Company';s eight &#32;rebuilt ATBs at September 30, 2016. In addition, given the uncertainty around how long the weak market conditions discussed above could last taking into consideration the large number of newbuildings scheduled for delivery, management believed it was more likely than not that some of the rebuilt ATBs will be laid-up, scrapped or disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives, which currently ranged between 2019 and 2020. The indicators discussed above were not considered to be impairment triggering events for the other ATBs and tankers in the Company';s fleet as these vessels (i) were fairly recently built and do not face the same commercial obsolescence issues faced by the rebuilt ATBs, and (ii) are currently operating under long-term charters or contracts of affreightment. In developing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows for performing Step 1 of the impairment tests, management made assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions including charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated remaining useful lives of the vessels. The assumptions about the estimated remaining useful lives of the ATBs reflected management';s belief that the Company would scrap these ATBs at the expiry of their time charters. Based on tests performed, the sum of the undiscounted cash flows for seven of the eight rebuilt ATBs were less than their September 30, 2016 carrying values. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $97,782 &#32;(including $3,873 &#32;recorded as a reduction in deferred drydock costs) to write down the carrying values of the seven ATBs to their estimated fair values as of September 30, 2016, using estimates of discounted future cash flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the type of vessels owned by OSG is not considered to be robust. During the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred since September 30, 2016 that could indicate that the carrying amounts of the vessels in the Company';s fleet may not be recoverable. The Company concluded that the decline in previously forecasted cash flows on one &#32;of the seven ATBs discussed above, due to a change in its expected deployment, constituted an impairment trigger event as of December 31, 2016. Based on the tests performed, an additional impairment charge of $6,623 &#32;was recorded in December 2016. The principal assumptions used in the Company's cash flow projections of our vessels mentioned above for the three years ended December 31, 2018 are considered to be Level 3 inputs. &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Valuation of Intangible Assets The Company';s intangible assets at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;consisted of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The long-term customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis &#32;over 20 years . During the year ended December 31, 2018 , the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had occurred since December 31, 2017 &#32;that could indicate the carrying value of the Company's intangible assets may not be recoverable as of December 31, 2018 . The Company concluded that no such events or changes in circumstances had occurred. In 2017, the factors that were determined to be impairment triggering events for the Company's vessels discussed above were also considered impairment triggering events for the carrying value of the Company's intangible asset. The Company reduced its estimates of undiscounted future cash flows to reflect consideration of the impairment triggering events. Based on the results of the recoverability test performed, no intangible asset impairment was recorded in 2017 as the net undiscounted cash flows from the asset group, attributable to these relationships, were in excess of the carrying value of the asset group. The principal assumptions used in the undiscounted future cash flows for our intangible assets, which were similar to those used in our cash flow projections of our vessels, are considered Level 3 inputs. 80 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 11 -- ACCOUNTS PAYABLE, ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Accounts payable $ 3,360 $ 3,825 Payroll and benefits 12,454 10,444 Interest 1,010 4,129 Insurance 639 1,096 Accrued drydock and repair costs 900 151 Bunkers and lubricants 953 2,341 Charter revenues received in advance 6,731 5,217 Accrued vessel expenses 3,304 2,311 Accrued general and administrative, primarily professional fees 1,998 1,011 Accrued deferred payment obligation for chartered in vessels 1,944 1,944 Other 1,385 1,902 $ 34,678 $ 34,371 NOTE 12 --TAXES As described in Note 5, INSW has been classified as discontinued operations and as a result the income tax impacts of INSW are not included in the below disclosures. The benefit for income taxes on the loss from continuing operations before income taxes consists of the following: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Current $ (1,080 ) $ (1,420 ) $ (2,296 ) Deferred 18,794 59,047 67,394 Total $ 17,714 $ 57,627 $ 65,098 The current income tax expense is primarily attributable to state income taxes and the deferred income tax benefit is primarily attributable to the settlement of the 2012-2015 U.S. federal income tax audit offset, in part, by an increase in state valuation allowance. 81 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The reconciliations between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the effective tax rate follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 U.S. federal statutory income tax rate 21.0 % 35.0 % 35.0 % Adjustments due to: State taxes, net of federal benefit (21.4 )% 76.5 % (1.5 )% Change in valuation allowance (59.0 )% (11.5 )% -- % Equity awards (14.2 )% (10.7 )% (1.7 )% Return to provision (13.8 )% -- % -- % Nondeductible expenses (11.4 )% -- % -- % Tax examination settlement 505.7 % -- % -- % U.S. income subject to tonnage tax 14.0 % 123.7 % 1.4 % Other (1.7 )% (7.1 )% (1.1 )% Interest on unrecognized tax benefits -- % (5.9 )% 1.8 % Remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities -- % 3,292.9 % -- % Nondeductible reorganization costs -- % -- % (9.0 )% Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries -- % -- % 73.5 % Effective tax rate 419.2 % 3,492.9 % 98.4 % In July 2018, the 2012 through 2015 U.S. federal income tax return audit process was completed. As a result, the tax benefit that had been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the ";more likely than not"; measurement threshold was recognized during the third quarter of 2018. The Company reduced its unrecognized tax benefits by $36,671 &#32;and recognized a corresponding tax benefit of $21,720 &#32;which was reduced due to the revaluation of net operating losses that historically offset the liability. The significant components of the Company';s deferred tax liabilities and assets follow: December 31, 2018 2017 Deferred tax liabilities: Vessels and other property $ 128,226 $ 133,347 Prepaid expenditures 7,108 7,236 Other--net 4 6 Total deferred tax liabilities 135,338 140,589 Deferred tax assets: Loss carryforwards 66,737 53,006 Employee compensation and benefit plans 4,287 5,507 Financing and professional fees 1,859 268 Accrued expenses and other 51 5,762 Total deferred tax assets 72,934 64,543 Valuation allowance 10,961 7,625 Net deferred tax assets 61,973 56,918 Net deferred tax liabilities $ 73,365 $ 83,671 As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of $250,264 &#32;which are available to reduce future taxes, if any. The federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034 . Additionally, as of December 31, 2018 , the Company had U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of $246,128 . These U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards expire in various years ending from December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2036. The Company has net operating loss carryforwards in additional jurisdictions for which the Company has not recorded a deferred tax asset or corresponding valuation allowance because the Company conducts insufficient business in those jurisdictions to generate 82 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. sufficient taxable income to realize the benefit of the losses prior to their expiration. Included in the financing and professional fees deferred income assets above are U.S. federal interest expense deductions with an indefinite carryforward period. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (";TCJA";) was signed into law. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes must be adjusted for enacted changes in tax laws or rates during the period in which new tax legislation is enacted. As the TCJA was effective in the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company prepared an estimate of the accounting for the impacts of the TCJA as of December 31, 2017. The Company recognized a non-cash tax benefit of $54,328 &#32;based on our preliminary assessment of the TCJA. During the fourth quarter of 2018, the Company filed its 2017 federal income tax return which resulted in an immaterial adjustment to the deferred tax liability and tax expense. Accordingly, the Company completed its accounting for the income tax effects of the TCJA as of December 22, 2018. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2018-02, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income , which allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the TCJA. As a result, the Company reclassified $1,483 &#32;from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings during the fourth quarter of 2018. In connection with the emergence from bankruptcy in 2014, under applicable tax regulations, the Company underwent an ownership change. As a result, there is an annual limitation on the use of pre-ownership change net operating losses, tax credits and certain other tax attributes to offset taxable income earned after the ownership change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate and the value of the Company';s stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation for prior years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year. The Company does not believe that the limitations imposed will impact its ability to utilize any pre-ownership change net operating losses before the carryforward period expires but could cause the timing of utilization to be impacted. The Company assessed all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of existing deferred tax assets. For U.S. federal deferred tax assets, the Company concluded that sufficient positive evidence existed, primarily the result of reversing deferred tax liabilities during the carryover period. However, for certain state deferred tax assets, the negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses incurred over the preceding three-year period and lack of positive evidence of reversing deferred tax liabilities during the carryover period resulted in the Company establishing a valuation allowance of $10,961 &#32;and $7,625 as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowance increased by $3,336 &#32;during 2018 largely due to the Company's assessment of its ability to utilize state losses in the applicable carryforward periods. During the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company paid (net of refunds received) $1,313 , $1,177 &#32;and $833 , respectively, of income taxes. The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (excluding interest and penalties): Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 1, $ 37,240 $ 36,671 $ 36,535 Increases for positions taken in prior years 657 569 136 Amount of decreases related to settlements (36,671 ) -- -- Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, $ 1,226 $ 37,240 $ 36,671 Included in the balances of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;are $220 &#32;and $36,884 , respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. The Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related liability for unrecognized tax benefit line in the consolidated balance sheet. As of the years ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we accrued interest of $0 , $76 &#32;and $58 , respectively, and recorded liabilities for interest and penalties of $0 , $911 &#32;and $835 , respectively. After taking into consideration tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards and interest, the Company';s unrecognized tax benefits represent a noncurrent reserve for uncertain tax positions of $220 &#32;and $3,205 &#32;as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 , respectively. 83 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Internal Revenue Service completed its audit of tax years 2012 through 2015 this year. The Company conducts business and files income tax returns in numerous states that periodically perform audits and is currently under state tax exam in one jurisdiction; however, we do not expect any events to occur that would cause a change to the Company's unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. The future utilization of state NOLs could potentially subject the Company to state examinations prior to the otherwise applicable statute of limitation. States vary in carryforward periods but can extend up to 20 years. 84 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 13 -- RELATED PARTIES Transition Services Agreement and Other Spin-off Related Activity The outstanding amounts related to the transactions between OSG and INSW were as follows: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Receivable from INSW $ 34 $ 372 Receivables due from INSW as of December 31, 2018 &#32;are in relation to guarantee fees as discussed below. OSG earned fees totaling $126 &#32;for services provided to INSW pursuant to the terms of the Transition Services Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2017. Approximately $31 &#32;of such fees were earned as of December 31, 2016. OSG incurred fees totaling $53 &#32;during the term of the TSA for services received from INSW for the year ended December 31, 2017. Approximately $27 &#32;of such fees were incurred as of December 31, 2016. In connection with the Distribution, payments were made to or received from INSW totaling $1,969 &#32;and $9,857 , respectively, for the settlement of allocated one-time separation costs, the transfer of assets and liabilities between OSG and INSW and amounts due for costs allocated pursuant to the "Shared Services and Cost Sharing Agreement" and the "Cost Sharing Agreement" by and among, OSG, INSW and OBS, that was in effect during the eleven months ended November 30, 2016. Guarantees INSW entered into guarantee arrangements in connection with the spin-off on November 30, 2016, in favor of Qatar Liquefied Gas Company Limited (2) (';';LNG Charterer';';) and relating to certain LNG Tanker Time Charter Party Agreements with the LNG Charterer and each of Overseas LNG H1 Corporation, Overseas LNG H2 Corporation, Overseas LNG S1 Corporation and Overseas LNG S2 Corporation (such agreements, the ';';LNG Charter Party Agreements,';'; and such guarantees, collectively, the ';';LNG Performance Guarantees';';). OSG continues to provide a guarantee in favor of the LNG Charterer relating to the LNG Charter Party Agreements (such guarantees, the "OSG LNG Performance Guarantees"). INSW will indemnify OSG for liabilities arising from the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees pursuant to the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement. The maximum potential liability associated with this guarantee is not estimable because obligations are only based on future non-performance events of charter arrangements. In connection with the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees, INSW will pay a per year fee of $145 &#32;per year to OSG, which is subject to escalation after 2019 and will be terminated if OSG ceases to provide the OSG LNG Performance Guarantees. NOTE 14 -- CAPITAL STOCK AND STOCK COMPENSATION Change in Capital Structure See Note 2, ";Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"; for information relating to the Equity Plan and Rights Offering. After its emergence from Bankruptcy, the Company had two classes of common stock whereby the holders of our common stock were entitled to one vote per share, and holders of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock were entitled to vote together as a class, on any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders, other than as described below. Reflecting the impact of the Reverse Split Amendment discussed below, each Class A warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Class A common stock, subject in each case to the adjustments as provided pursuant to the terms thereof. The warrants may be exercised at a price per share of Class A common stock, as applicable, of $0.01 , which shall be paid pursuant to a cashless exercise procedure. Warrants may be exercised at any time or from time to time on or before August 5, 2039, and will expire thereafter. Until they exercise their warrants, except as otherwise provided in the warrants, the holders of the warrants will not have the rights or privileges of holders of the Company';s common stock, including any voting rights. Warrants may only be exercised by holders who establish to OSG's reasonable satisfaction that they or the person designated to receive the shares is a U.S. person or to the extent shares deliverable upon exercise would not constitute Non-Complying Shares (as defined in OSG's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had 20,603,654 &#32;Class A warrants outstanding, convertible into 3,914,694 &#32;shares of Class A common stock. 85 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The Company's Class B common stock carried an entitlement to distribution of a percentage of the proceeds from the malpractice lawsuit against Proskauer Rose LLP (";Proskauer";) and four of its partners. On May 13, 2016, all holders of Class B common stock and Class B warrants as of May 9, 2016 received a distribution from the Company representing their pro-rata share of the Net Litigation Recovery. On May 27, 2016, pursuant to the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and the warrant agreement governing the Class B warrants, each Class B common share and Class B warrant automatically converted to a Class A common share and Class A warrant, respectively. On June 2, 2016, the Board authorized the Company to take action to transfer the listing of its Class A common stock to the New York Stock Exchange from the NYSE MKT (the ";Transfer";). In conjunction with the Transfer, the Board approved the Reverse Split Amendment to the Company';s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Reverse Split Amendment effected a one (1) for six (6) reverse stock split and corresponding reduction of the number of authorized shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, par value $0.01 &#32;per share. On June 7, 2016, the Company filed the Reverse Split Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Reverse Split Amendment became effective on June 13, 2016. As previously reported, the Company';s stockholders approved the filing of the Reverse Split Amendment at the Company';s annual meeting of stockholders held on June 9, 2015. The Transfer was approved by the New York Stock Exchange on June 23, 2016. In order to account for the impact of the reverse stock split, holders of the Company';s outstanding Class A warrants will receive, upon exercise, 0.190 &#32;shares of Class A common stock per warrant exercised. Unless otherwise noted, all of the share and per share information below has been recast to reflect the impact of the reverse stock split. On November 30, 2016, the Company completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of INSW. On the Distribution Date, each holder of OSG common stock received 0.3333 &#32;shares of INSW';s common stock for every share of OSG common stock held on the Record Date. Each holder of OSG warrants received 0.3333 &#32;shares of INSW';s common stock for every one share of OSG common stock they would have received if they exercised their warrants immediately prior to the Distribution. Ownership Restrictions In order to preserve the status of OSG as a Jones Act company, the percentage of each class of its common stock that may be owned by non-U.S. citizens is limited. In addition, the Company has established policies and procedures to ensure compliance with the Jones Act. In order to provide a reasonable margin for compliance with the Jones Act, our Board of Directors has determined that until further action by our Board, at least 77% &#32;of the outstanding shares of each class of capital stock of the Company must be owned by U.S. citizens. At and during such time that the limit is reached with respect to shares of Class A common stock as applicable, we will be unable to issue any further shares of such class of common stock or approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. citizens until the holdings of non-U.S. citizens falls below the maximum percentage allowable. Dividends On February 29, 2016 , the Company';s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.08 &#32;per share of common stock payable prior to the end of March 2016. In addition, in connection with the cash dividend, in accordance with the terms of the outstanding warrants for OSG';s Class A and Class B common stock, those warrants were automatically adjusted so that exercising holders received additional shares of Class A common stock reflecting the payment of the cash dividend. Share and Warrant Repurchases During the year ended December 31, 2018, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in January, February, March and December, the Company repurchased 638,502 &#32;shares of Class A common stock at an average cost of $2.15 &#32;per share (based on the market prices on the dates of vesting) from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2017, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in March, November and December, the Company repurchased 246,461 &#32;shares of Class A common stock at an average cost of $4.55 &#32;per share (based on the market prices on the dates of vesting) from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. 86 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2016, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in January, March, April and September, the Company repurchased 25,885 &#32;shares of Class A common stock at an average cost of $14.06 &#32;per share (based on the market prices on the dates of vesting) from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 106,350 &#32;shares of its Class A common stock in open-market purchases on the NYSE MKT at an average price of $12.23 &#32;per share, for a total cost of $1,301 . In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 55,306,351 &#32;Class A warrants in private transactions with non-affiliates at an average per share equivalent cost of $11.31 &#32;for a total cost of $118,041 . Warrant Conversions During the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 , the Company issued 5,628,650 , 7,629,319 &#32;and 8,247,648 &#32;shares of Class A common stock, respectively, as a result of the exercise of 29,461,648 , 40,269,797 &#32;and 43,835,170 &#32;Class A warrants, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued 7,833 &#32;shares of Class B common stock as a result of the exercise of 46,997 &#32;Class B warrants. Management Incentive Compensation Plan and Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan On September 23, 2014, the Committee approved the Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan (the ";Management Compensation Plan";) and the Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan (the ";Director Plan"; and together with the Management Compensation Plan, the ";Incentive Plans";). OSG stockholders approved the Incentive Plans on June 9, 2015. On June 6, 2017, at the annual stockholders meeting, the Company's stockholders approved an increase to the maximum number of shares for issuance under the Director Plan by 1,500,000 &#32;shares. The Incentive Plans contain anti-dilution provisions whereby in the event of any change in the capitalization of the Company, the number and type of securities underlying outstanding share based payment awards must be adjusted, as appropriate, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights. The impact of these provisions resulted in a modification of all outstanding share based payment awards upon the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin-off transactions described above. As the fair value of the awards immediately after the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin off transactions, did not increase when compared to the fair value of such awards immediately prior to such transactions, no incremental compensation costs were recognized as a result of such modifications. Pursuant to the Employee Matters Agreement described in Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; and below, unvested share based payment awards of OSG employees that transitioned to INSW were assumed by INSW and converted into equivalent awards of INSW';s equity. The purpose of the Incentive Plans is to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing certain employees and members of the Board, who are largely responsible for the management, growth and protection of the business of the Company, with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in the service of the Company. The Incentive Plans permit the Committee to grant to eligible employees and directors of the Company, as applicable, any of the following types of awards (or any combination thereof): cash incentive awards, nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options and other stock-based awards, including, without limitation, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, deferred share units and share-denominated performance units. Stock Compensation The Company accounts for stock compensation expense in accordance with the fair value based method required by ASC 718, Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation . Such fair value based method requires share based payment transactions to be measured based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. Director Compensation - Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Common Stock The Company awarded a total of 170,400 &#32;and 253,700 &#32;restricted stock units for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively and 74,201 &#32;restricted Class A common stock shares during the years ended December 31, 2016 , respectively, to its non-employee directors. The weighted average fair value of the Company';s stock on the measurement date of such awards was $3.61 &#32;( 2018 ) $2.68 &#32;( 2017 ) and $11.64 &#32;( 2016 ) per share. Such restricted stock units and restricted Class A common stock shares vest in full on the earlier of the next annual meeting of the stockholders or the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to each director continuing to provide services to the Company through such date. The restricted stock units and restricted Class A 87 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. common stock shares granted may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered prior to vesting. Prior to the vesting date, a holder of restricted share awards has all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares at the same time as common stockholders generally. Management Compensation &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Restricted Stock Units During the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 , the Company awarded 365,584 , 165,017 &#32;and 381,922 &#32;time-based restricted stock units (";RSUs";) to certain of its employees, including senior officers. The average grant date fair value of these awards was $1.70 &#32;( 2018 ), $4.04 &#32;( 2017 ) and $9.93 &#32;( 2016 ), per RSU. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive one share of Class A common stock upon vesting. Each award of RSUs will vest in equal installments on each of the first three &#32;anniversaries of the grant date. RSUs may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered until they are settled. Settlement of vested RSUs may be in either shares of Class A common stock or cash, as determined at the discretion of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and shall occur as soon as practicable after the vesting date. If the RSUs are settled in shares of common stock, following the settlement of such shares, the grantee will be the record owner of the shares of Class A common stock and will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares of Class A common stock. RSUs which have not become vested as of the date of a grantee';s termination from the Company will be forfeited without the payment of any consideration, unless otherwise provided for. In addition, during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company awarded 688,877 &#32;and 103,945 &#32;shares, respectively, to certain of its senior officers of the Company's common stock, net of all taxes, which vested immediately. The average grant date fair value of these awards was $1.91 &#32;and $2.81 . During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company awarded 142,060 &#32;and 63,532 &#32;performance-based RSUs, respectively, to its senior officers. Each performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon continuous employment through the end of a three -year performance period (the ";Performance Period";) and shall vest as follows: (i) one-half of the target RSUs shall vest and become nonforfeitable subject to OSG';s return on invested capital (";ROIC";) performance in the three-year ROIC performance period relative to a target rate (the ";ROIC Target";) set forth in the award agreements (the formula for ROIC is net operating profit after taxes divided by the net of total debt plus stockholders equity less cash); and (ii) one-half of the target RSUs will be subject to OSG';s three-year total stockholder return (";TSR Target";) performance relative to that of a performance index over a three-year TSR performance period. For the 2018 awards, the index consists of companies that comprise a combination of the oil and gas storage and transportation and marine GICS sub-industries indexes during the Performance Period. For the 2017 awards, the index consists of companies that comprise the Standard and Poor';s Transportation Select Index during the Performance Period. Vesting is subject in each case to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee';s certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets. Both the ROIC Target RSUs and the TSR Target RSUs are subject to an increase up to a maximum of 106,545 &#32;and 47,647 &#32;target RSUs, respectively, (aggregate 213,090 &#32;and 95,294 &#32;target RSU';s, respectively) or decrease depending on performance against the applicable measure and targets. The ROIC performance goal is a performance condition which, as of December 31, 2018, management believed was considered probable of being achieved. Accordingly, compensation costs have been recognized. The grant date fair value of the performance awards was $1.70 &#32;and $4.04 &#32;per RSU, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company awarded 119,853 &#32;performance-based RSUs to its senior officers. Each performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon the covered employees being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are measured and shall vest as follows: (i) one-third of the target RSUs shall vest on December 31, 2018, subject to OSG';s three-year earnings per share (";EPS";) performance in the three-year EPS performance period relative to a compounded annual growth rate (the ";EPS Target";) set forth in the award agreements; (ii) one-third of the target RSUs shall vest on December 31, 2018, subject to OSG';s ROIC performance in the three-year ROIC performance period relative to a ROIC Target set forth in the award agreements; and (iii) one-third of the target RSUs will be subject to OSG';s TSR performance relative to that of a performance peer group over a three-year TSR performance period. Vesting is subject in each case to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee';s certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets no later than March 31, 2019. The grant date fair value of the TSR based performance awards was $11.82 &#32;per RSU. At December 31, 2016, no compensation costs were recognized as management believed the EPS Target and ROIC Target performance conditions were not probable of being achieved. 88 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company granted 38,547 &#32;performance-based RSUs to certain members of senior management. The grant date fair value of the performance awards was determined to be $11.82 &#32;per RSU. Each performance stock unit represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon certain performance related goals being met and the covered employees being continuously employed through the end of the period over which the performance goals are measured. These performance awards vested on December 31, 2016, subject in each case to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee';s certification of achievement of the performance measures and targets no later than March 31, 2017. Achievement of the performance condition in this award was considered probable and accordingly, compensation cost was recognized commencing on March 30, 2016, the grant date of the award. However, as a result of the INSW spin off transaction, the outstanding unvested performance based RSU awards held by the members of senior management that remained with OSG, but terminated employment with the Company shortly after the spinoff date, were forfeited. As noted above, the awards granted to former members of OSG senior management that transitioned to INSW were cancelled. &#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Stock Options During the year ended December 31, 2018 , the Company awarded 494,118 &#32;stock options to one of its senior officers, which vested immediately. Each stock option represents an option to purchase one share of Class A common stock for an exercise price of $1.70 &#32;per share. The call option value of the options was $0.92 &#32;per option. Under the grant agreement, the stock options have a holding requirement until the earliest to occur of (i) a change in control; (ii) the separation from service date, in the event of a termination of the grantee's employment by the Company without cause or by the grantee for good reason and (iii) the third anniversary of the grant date. The stock options expire on the business day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the award date. If a stock option grantee';s employment is terminated for cause (as defined in the applicable Form of Grant Agreement), stock options (whether then vested or exercisable or not) will lapse and will not be exercisable. If a stock option grantee';s employment is terminated for reasons other than cause, the option recipient may exercise the vested portion of the stock option but only within such period of time ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the 90th day ending after the option holder';s employment terminated and (ii) the expiration of the options, provided that if the option holder';s employment terminates for death or disability the vested portion of the option may be exercised until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of employment termination and (ii) the expiration date of the options. During the years ended December 31, 2017 &#32;and 2016 , the Company awarded to certain senior officers an aggregate of 135,084 &#32;and 528,304 &#32;stock options, respectively. Each stock option represents an option to purchase one share of Class A common stock for an exercise price of $4.04 &#32;per share for 2017 and an exercise price that ranged between $3.73 &#32;and $12.69 &#32;per share for 2016. The average grant date fair value of the options was $1.89 &#32;per option in 2017 &#32;and $10.83 &#32;per option in 2016 . Stock options may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered prior to vesting. Each stock option will vest in equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the award date. The stock options expire on the business day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the award date. If a stock option grantee';s employment is terminated for cause (as defined in the applicable Form of Grant Agreement), stock options (whether then vested or exercisable or not) will lapse and will not be exercisable. If a stock option grantee';s employment is terminated for reasons other than cause, the option recipient may exercise the vested portion of the stock option but only within such period of time ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the 90th day ending after the option recipient';s employment terminated and (ii) the expiration of the options, provided that if the Optionee';s employment terminates for death or disability the vested portion of the option may be exercised until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of employment termination and (ii) the expiration date of the options. The fair values of the options granted were estimated on the dates of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model &#32;with the following weighted average assumptions for 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 &#32;grants: risk free interest rates of 2.72% , 2.09% &#32;and 1.65% , respectively, dividend yields of 0.0% , expected stock price volatility factors of .55 , .47 &#32;and .40 , respectively, and expected lives of 6.0 years . The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. Since the Company';s stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management';s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its stock options. Employee Terminations and Retirements and Impact of Spinoff On July 29, 2016, Mr. Henry Flinter retired from his position as President of the Company';s U.S. Flag operations. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards, time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs vested in full (per the terms of his agreement, performance-based RSUs vested at target performance) 89 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. on July 29, 2016. The incremental compensation expense recognized as a result of the accelerated vesting and the difference between the grant date fair value of the vested shares and the fair value of the Company';s Class A common stock on July 29, 2016 was approximately $23 . The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Company';s Board elected to settle the vested equity awards (with the exception of certain performance-based RSUs that by their terms are not settled until the first quarter of 2018) in cash. Severance costs of approximately $2,238 &#32;were recognized during the year in relation to Mr. Flinter';s separation from the Company, of which $789 &#32;was as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation awards. Also see Note 19, ";Severance and Agreements with Executive Officers."; On December 29, 2016, Captain Ian Blackley retired from his position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016 and August 3, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards and time-based RSUs vested in full on December 29, 2016. Stock compensation expense, net of forfeitures, totaling $1,251 &#32;was recognized in December 2016 as a result of the accelerated vesting of his time-based RSU and stock option awards offset by the related forfeitures of his unvested performance-based RSU awards. On December 29, 2016, Mr. Rick Oricchio retired from his position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016 and August 3, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards, and time-based RSU awards vested in full on December 29, 2016. Stock compensation expense, net of forfeitures, totaling $984 &#32;was recognized in December 2016 as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation awards and the related forfeitures of his unvested performance-based RSU awards. The spin-off transaction resulted in the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, as required by the Management and Director Incentive Plans, adjusting the number and the type of securities underlying the outstanding awards at November 30, 2016, in each case as it considered appropriate, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights. The adjustments resulted in a 430,841 &#32;increase in restricted stock and restricted stock units and a 581,332 &#32;increase in stock options. Additionally, as a result of certain employees transferring from OSG to INSW, 177,635 &#32;restricted stock units and 205,427 &#32;stock options were cancelled. For the Incentive Plans, compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, contingent or otherwise, applicable to each grant, using the straight-line method. Compensation expense as a result of the restricted shares and RSU awards described above was $1,646 , $2,107 &#32;and $5,198 &#32;during each of the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016, respectively. Activity with respect to restricted common stock and restricted stock units under the Incentive Plans during the three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;is summarized as follows: Activity for the three years ended December 31, 2018 Class A common shares Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2015 807,989 Granted (1) 614,523 Vested ($2.87 to $21.90 per share) (1) (1,025,212 ) Forfeited (88,228 ) INSW Spin off modification 430,841 Cancellations related to INSW Spin-off (177,635 ) Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2016 562,278 Granted 586,194 Vested ($2.28 to $4.04 per share) (323,086 ) Forfeited ($2.48 to $2.97 per share) (164,387 ) Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2017 660,999 Granted 1,366,921 Vested ($1.70 to $2.74 per share) (1,108,180 ) Forfeited ($2.39 to $2.44 per share) (7,425 ) Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2018 912,315 (1) Share information has been recast to reflect the 2016 reverse stock split and 2015 stock dividend. 90 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Activity with respect to stock options under the Incentive Plans during the three years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;is summarized as follows: Activity for the three years ended December 31, 2018 Class A common shares Options Outstanding at December 31, 2015 268,539 Granted (1) 528,304 Forfeited (2,674 ) Expired (55,971 ) Exercised -- INSW Spin off modification 581,332 Cancellations related to INSW Spin-off (205,427 ) Options Outstanding at December 31, 2016 1,114,103 Granted 135,804 Forfeited ($2.84 per share) (140,345 ) Expired ($3.35 to $4.00 per share) (737,669 ) Exercised -- Options Outstanding at December 31, 2017 371,893 Granted 494,118 Options Outstanding at December 31, 2018 866,011 Options Exercisable at December 31, 2018 717,353 (1) Share information has been recast to reflect the 2016 reverse stock split and 2015 stock dividend. The weighted average remaining contractual life of the outstanding stock options at December 31, 2018 &#32;was 7.92 years . The range of exercise prices of the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2018 &#32;was between $1.70 &#32;and $5.57 &#32;per share (which reflects an adjustment as a result of the stock dividend and reverse spin modification and INSW spin off described above). The weighted average exercise prices of the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 &#32;were $3.23 , $5.27 &#32;and $6.69 &#32;per share, respectively. Stock options of 494,118 &#32;which vested during the year ended December 31, 2018 &#32;were ";in-the-money."; Compensation expense as a result of the grants of stock options described above was $255 , $281 &#32;and $2,243 &#32;during each of the years ended December 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016 , respectively. As of December 31, 2018 , there was $1,199 &#32;of unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.73 years . NOTE 15 -- ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of related taxes, in the consolidated balance sheets follow: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Unrealized losses on derivative instruments $ -- $ (112 ) Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension and other postretirement benefit plans) (7,192 ) (6,350 ) $ (7,192 ) $ (6,462 ) 91 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The following tables present the changes in the balances of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of related taxes, for the three years ended December 31, 2018 . Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension and other postretirement plans) Total Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ (112 ) $ (6,350 ) $ (6,462 ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss -- 300 300 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 112 341 453 Adoption of accounting standard - reclassification adjustment to retained earnings (Note 12) -- (1,483 ) (1,483 ) Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 112 (842 ) (730 ) Balance as of December 31, 2018 $ -- $ (7,192 ) $ (7,192 ) Balance as of December 31, 2016 $ (1,019 ) $ (7,141 ) $ (8,160 ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss -- 438 438 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 907 353 1,260 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 907 791 1,698 Balance as of December 31, 2017 $ (112 ) $ (6,350 ) $ (6,462 ) Balance as of December 31, 2015 $ (54,620 ) $ (18,841 ) $ (73,461 ) Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (5,982 ) (4,055 ) (10,037 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 16,293 700 16,993 Distribution of International Seaways, Inc. 43,290 15,055 58,345 Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 53,601 11,700 65,301 Balance as of December 31, 2016 $ (1,019 ) $ (7,141 ) $ (8,160 ) 92 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The following table presents information with respect to amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three years ended December 31, 2018 . Years Ended December 31, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Component 2018 2017 2016 Statement of Operations Line Item Unrealized losses on cash flow hedges: Interest rate swaps entered into by the Company's equity method joint venture investees -- -- (15,664 ) Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations Interest rate caps entered into by the Company's subsidiaries (181 ) (1,421 ) (339 ) Interest expense Interest rate caps entered into by the Company's subsidiaries -- -- (408 ) Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost (pension and other postretirement plans): Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension and postretirement benefit plans for shore-based employees (465 ) (666 ) (645 ) Other expense Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension and postretirement benefit plans for shore-based employees -- -- (365 ) Net (loss)/income from discontinued operations Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension and postretirement benefit plans for seagoing employees 166 150 131 Other expense (480 ) (1,937 ) (17,290 ) Total before tax 933 677 297 Tax provision $ 453 $ (1,260 ) $ (16,993 ) Total net of tax The following amounts are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2018 , which have not yet been recognized in net periodic cost: unrecognized prior service credits of $1,845 &#32;( $1,458 &#32;net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial losses $11,121 &#32;( $8,786 &#32;net of tax). The prior service credit and actuarial loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss and expected to be recognized in net periodic cost during 2019 are a gain of $229 &#32;( $181 &#32;net of tax) and a loss of $662 &#32;( $523 &#32;net of tax), respectively. See Note 10, ";Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value,"; for additional disclosures relating to derivative instruments. 93 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The income tax benefit/(expense) allocated to each component of other comprehensive loss follows: Unrealized (losses)/gains on cash flow hedges Items not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost For the year ended December 31, 2018: Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss $ -- $ -- Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 69 -- Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss $ 69 $ -- For the year ended December 31, 2017: Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss $ -- $ (203 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (513 ) (164 ) Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss $ (513 ) $ (367 ) For the year ended December 31, 2016: Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss $ 30 $ (388 ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss (118 ) (179 ) Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss $ (88 ) $ (567 ) NOTE 16 -- LEASES Charters-in As of December 31, 2018 , the Company had commitments to charter in 10 &#32;vessels. All of the charters-in are accounted for as operating leases and all are bareboat charters. Lease expense relating to charters-in is included in charter hire expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company holds options for the charters-in that can be exercised for one , three &#32;or five years &#32;with the one year &#32;option only usable once, while the three &#32;and five &#32;year options are available forever. The lease payments for the charters-in are fixed throughout the option periods and the options are on a vessel by vessel basis that can be exercised individually. The option on one of the Company's vessels has been extended until June 2025. For the remaining nine &#32;vessels, on December 10, 2018, the Company declared its extensions of the charter agreements. The charter agreements were extended for five &#32;of the vessels for additional three &#32;year terms ending December 2022 and four &#32;of the vessels were extended for additional one year &#32;terms ending December 2020. The future minimum commitments and related number of operating days under these operating leases are as follows: At December 31, 2018 Amount Operating Days 2019 $ 91,338 3,650 2020 89,503 3,580 2021 55,329 2,190 2022 71,819 2,090 2023 9,143 365 Thereafter 13,702 547 Net minimum lease payments $ 330,834 12,422 The bareboat charters-in provide for the payment of profit share to the owners of the vessels calculated in accordance with the respective charter agreements. Because such amounts and the periods impacted are not reasonably estimable, they are not currently reflected in the table above. Due to reserve funding requirements and current rate forecasts, no profits are currently expected to be paid to the owners in respect of the charter term within the next year. 94 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Charters-out The future minimum revenues, before reduction for brokerage commissions and which include rent escalations, expected to be received on noncancelable time charters and the related revenue days (revenue days represent calendar days, less days that vessels are not available for employment due to repairs, drydock or lay-up) are as follows: At December 31, 2018 Amount Revenue Days 2019 $ 217,679 4,084 2020 42,032 543 2021 26,624 324 2022 30,675 365 2023 31,405 365 Thereafter 46,059 521 Net minimum lease receipts $ 394,474 6,202 Revenues from a time charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time required for normal periodic maintenance of the vessel. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic maintenance on each vessel has been deducted, although there is no assurance that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in the future. Office space The Company has lease obligations for office space that generally require fixed annul rental payments and may also include escalation clauses and renewal options. The future minimum commitments under lease obligations for office space as of December 31, 2018 and for each of the next five years ended December 31 and thereafter, are as follows: At December 31, 2018 Amount 2019 $ 658 2020 630 2021 631 2022 649 2023 474 Thereafter 1,186 Net minimum lease payments $ 4,228 &#32; The rental expense for office space, which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations, amounted to $659 &#32;in 2018 , $647 &#32;in 2017 &#32;and $1,324 &#32;in 2016 . NOTE 17 -- PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS For the years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017, pension and other benefit liabilities are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Pension Plans In connection with the November 2006 acquisition of Maritrans, the Company assumed the obligations under the defined benefit retirement plan of Maritrans Inc. (";the Maritrans Plan";). As of December 31, 2006, the Company froze the benefits under the Maritrans Plan. At December 31, 2018 , the Maritrans Plan is the only domestic defined benefit pension plan in existence at the Company. The Maritrans Plan was noncontributory and covered substantially all shore-based employees and substantially all of the seagoing supervisors who were supervisors in 1984, or who were hired in, or promoted into, supervisory roles between 1984 and 1998 for that period of time. Beginning in 1999, the seagoing supervisors'; retirement benefits are provided through contributions to an industry-wide, multiemployer union sponsored pension plan. Upon retirement, those seagoing supervisors are entitled to retirement benefits from the Maritrans Plan for service periods between 1984 and 1998 and 95 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. from the multiemployer union sponsored plan for other covered periods. Retirement benefits are based primarily on years of service and average compensation for the five consecutive plan years that produce the highest results. Multiemployer Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans The Company';s subsidiaries are parties to collective-bargaining agreements that require them to make contributions to three &#32;jointly managed (Company and union) multiemployer pension plans covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. All three plans, the American Maritime Officers (";AMO";) Pension Plan, the Seafarers Pension Plan (";SIU";) and the Marine Engineers'; Beneficial Association (";MEBA";) Defined Benefit Pension Plan, are deemed individually significant by management. Plan level information is available in the public domain for each of the multiemployer pension plans the Company participates in. The table below provides additional information about the Company';s participation in the above multi-employer pension plans: Pension Protection Act Zone Status Contributions made by the Company Pension Plan EIN / Pension Plan Number 2018 2017 Rehabilitation Plan Status 2018 2017 2016 AMO Pension Plan 13-1936709 Yellow (1) Yellow (1) Implemented $ 880 $ 984 $ 1,015 MEBA Pension Plan 51-6029896 Green (1) Green (1) None 1,450 1,411 1,406 Seafarers Pension Plan 13-6100329 Green (1) Green (1) None 345 400 434 Total contributions $ 2,675 $ 2,795 $ 2,855 (1) A "Yellow" Zone Status plan is a plan that has a funding ratio between 65% and 80%. A "Green" Zone Status plan is a plan that is 80% funded or more. The plan years for the three union plans end as follows: MEBA and SIU on December 31 and AMO on September 30. The Company has no &#32;future minimum contribution requirements under the three multiemployer pension plans shown above as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and any future contributions are subject to negotiations between the employers and the unions. Under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (";ERISA";) as amended by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 (";PPA";) and the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act of 2014 (";MPRA";), on March 31, 2015, the actuary of the MEBA Pension Plan (";Plan";) certified the Plan as being in neither endangered nor critical status as of January 1, 2015. The actuary also certified that the Plan was projected to be in critical status in at least one of the five succeeding Plan years. Under MPRA, a multiemployer pension plan that has been actuarially projected to be in critical status within the succeeding five plan years may elect to be in critical status for the current plan year within 30 &#32;days of the actuary';s certification. In accordance with applicable law, on April 30, 2015 the Plan';s Board of Trustees (";Trustees";) elected that the Plan enter critical status for the plan year beginning January 1, 2015. The Plan entered into a Rehabilitation Plan (";RP";) whereby lump sum payment options previously available under the Plan will no longer be paid to beneficiaries, and each employer became obligated to pay a 5% &#32;contribution surcharge to the Plan, effective with respect to contributions for work performed on or after June 1, 2015. On October 27, 2015, the Company received correspondence from MEBA indicating that Federal law requires that the Trustees adopt an RP with a schedule of increases in contributions and reductions in future benefits that will help the Plan emerge from critical status. However, because the Plan';s actuary has projected that the Plan will emerge from critical status without any contribution increases or benefit reductions; the RP does not include any. The letter also indicated that since the Company signed a Memorandum of Understanding on October 21, 2015 whereby the Company and MEBA amended their collective bargaining agreement to adopt the preferred schedule of the RP that was adopted by the Pension Plan';s Board of Trustees on October 21, 2015, the surcharges required to be paid to the Plan by the Company since June 1, 2015 ceased as of October 31, 2015. During April 2016, the Company received correspondence from MEBA indicating that due to the actions of the Trustees, the Plan';s actuaries certified in March 2016 that the Plan has emerged from critical status, and the Plan is not in endangered, critical, or critical and declining status for the plan year commencing January 1, 2016. As a result, the rehabilitation plan period has terminated. 96 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ERISA requires employers who are contributors to U.S. multiemployer plans to continue funding their allocable share of each plan';s unfunded vested benefits in the event of withdrawal from or termination of such plans. Based on information received from the trustees of the SIU Pension Plan, the Company is not subject to withdrawal liabilities under that plan. Based on the actuarial report received from the trustees of the MEBA Pension Plan, as of December 31, 2017, the Company';s estimated withdrawal liability would have been approximately $23,985 &#32;had the Company elected to withdraw from the plan in 2018. Based on the actuarial report received from the trustees of the AMO Pension Plan, as of September 30, 2017, the Company';s estimated withdrawal liability would have been approximately $21,592 &#32;had the Company elected to withdraw from the plan in 2018. The Company has no intentions of terminating its participation in any of the three multiemployer pension plans and has no expectations that the plans will be terminated. Accordingly, no &#32;provisions have been made for the estimated withdrawal liability as of December 31, 2018 . The SIU &#8211; Tanker Agreement, SIU &#8211; Tug Agreement, AMO and MEBA collective bargaining agreements expire in June 2022 and March 2021, respectively. The collective bargaining agreements also require the Company to make contributions to certain other postretirement employee benefit plans the unions offer to their members. Such contributions were not material during the three years ended December 31, 2018 . Postretirement Benefit Plans The Company also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to qualifying domestic retirees and their eligible dependents. The health care plan for shore-based employees and their dependents and seagoing licensed deck officers (";Deck Officers";) and their dependents is contributory at retirement, while the life insurance plan for all employees is noncontributory. In general, postretirement medical coverage is provided to shore-based employees hired prior to January 1, 2005 and all Deck Officers who retire and have met minimum age and service requirements under a formula related to total years of service. The Company no longer provides prescription drug coverage to its retirees or their beneficiaries once they reach age 65 . The Company does not currently fund these benefit arrangements and has the right to amend or terminate the health care and life insurance benefits at any time. Information with respect to the domestic pension and postretirement benefit plans for which the Company uses a December 31 measurement date, follow: Pension Benefits Other Benefits At December 31, 2018 2017 2018 2017 Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 48,500 $ 47,468 $ 4,548 $ 4,094 Cost of benefits earned (service cost) -- -- 119 113 Interest cost on benefit obligation 1,673 1,830 142 165 Actuarial (gains)/losses (3,456 ) 1,788 (1,206 ) 389 Benefits paid (2,702 ) (2,586 ) (202 ) (213 ) Benefit obligation at year end 44,015 48,500 3,401 4,548 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 35,591 32,013 -- -- Actual return on plan assets (1,882 ) 5,082 -- -- Employer contributions 922 1,082 202 213 Benefits paid (2,702 ) (2,586 ) (202 ) (213 ) Fair value of plan assets at year end 31,929 35,591 -- -- Unfunded status at December 31 $ (12,086 ) $ (12,909 ) $ (3,401 ) $ (4,548 ) 97 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Information for defined benefit pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets follows: At December 31, 2018 2017 Projected benefit obligation $ 44,015 $ 48,500 Accumulated benefit obligation 44,015 48,500 Fair value of plan assets 31,929 35,591 Information for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans net periodic cost/(benefit) follows: Pension Benefits Other Benefits For the year ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 2018 2017 2016 Components of expense: Cost of benefits earned $ -- $ -- $ -- $ 119 $ 113 $ 138 Interest cost on benefit obligation 1,673 1,830 1,893 142 165 189 Expected return on plan assets (2,517 ) (2,258 ) (2,309 ) -- -- -- Amortization of prior-service costs -- -- -- (229 ) (229 ) (271 ) Recognized net actuarial loss 483 688 688 45 56 97 Curtailment -- -- 97 -- -- (149 ) Net periodic benefit cost $ (361 ) $ 260 $ 369 $ 77 $ 105 $ 4 The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations follow: Pension Benefits Other Benefits At December 31, 2018 2017 2018 2017 Discount rate 4.25 % 3.55 % 4.40 % 3.70 % The selection of a single discount rate for the Maritrans Plan was derived from bond yield curves, which the Company believed as of such dates to be appropriate for ongoing plans with a long duration, such as the Maritrans Plan, and that generally mirror the type of high yield bond portfolio the Company could acquire to offset its obligations under the Maritrans Plan. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost follow: Pension Benefits Other Benefits For the year ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 2018 2017 2016 Discount rate 3.55 % 3.95 % 4.00 % 3.70 % 4.15 % 4.25 % Expected (long-term) return on plan assets 7.25 % 7.25 % 7.25 % -- -- -- The assumed health care cost trend rate for measuring the benefit obligation included in Other Benefits above is an increase of 7.00% &#32;as of December 31, 2018 , with the rate of increase declining to an ultimate trend rate of 4.75% &#32;per annum by 2027. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. A 1% &#32;change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 1% increase 1% decrease Effect on total of service and interest cost components in 2018 $ 50 $ (35 ) Effect on postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2018 $ 442 $ (255 ) 98 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Expected benefit payments are as follows: Pension Benefits Other Benefits 2019 $ 2,842 $ 168 2020 2,935 168 2021 3,016 167 2022 3,047 173 2023 3,095 179 Years 2024-2027 15,817 942 Total $ 30,752 $ 1,797 The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the current and expected asset allocations. Additionally, the long-term rate of return is based on historical returns, investment strategy, inflation expectations and other economic factors. The expected long-term rate of return is then applied to the market value of plan assets. The fair values of the Company';s pension plan assets at December 31, 2018 , by asset category are as follows: Description Fair Value Level 1 Cash and cash equivalents $ 466 $ 466 Equity securities: Large cap exchange traded fund 11,595 11,595 Small company - mid value 1,767 1,767 Small company - mid growth 1,804 1,804 International value 2,182 2,182 International growth 2,302 2,302 Fixed income and preferred stock: Intermediate term bond fund 11,764 11,764 Small company - mid value - preferred stock 49 49 Total $ 31,929 $ 31,929 Plan fiduciaries of the Retirement Plan of Maritrans, Inc. set investment policies, strategies and oversee its investment allocation, which includes selecting investment managers and setting long term strategic targets. The primary strategic investment objective is to maximize total return while maintaining a broadly diversified portfolio for the primary purpose of satisfying obligations for future benefit payments. Equities are the primary holdings of the Plan. Other investments, including fixed income investments, provide diversification, and, in certain cases, lower the volatility of returns. In general, equity can range from 55 to 75 percent of total plan assets, fixed income securities can range from 25 to 45 percent of total plan assets, and cash can be held in amounts up to 5 percent of plan assets. Actual asset allocation within the approved ranges varies from time to time based on economic conditions (both current and forecast) and the advice of professional advisors. The Company contributed $921 , $1,082 &#32;and $0 &#32;to the Maritrans Plan in 2018 , 2017 &#32;and 2016 , respectively. The Company expects to make contributions of approximately $721 &#32;to the Maritrans Plan in 2019. Defined Contribution Plans The Company also had defined contribution plans covering all eligible employees. Contributions are limited to amounts allowable for income tax purposes. Commencing in 2006, employer contributions include both employer contributions made regardless of employee contributions and matching contributions to the plans. All contributions to the plans are at the discretion of the Company. The Company's contributions to the plan were $1,956 &#32;and $2,244 &#32;for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The Company also has an unfunded, nonqualified supplemental savings plan covering highly compensated U.S. shore-based employees of the Company, which was terminated in connection with the Company';s filing for bankruptcy in 2012. This plan provided for levels of hypothetical employer contributions that would otherwise have been made under the Company';s defined 99 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. contribution plans in the absence of limitations imposed by income tax regulations. The Company';s unfunded obligations under this plan at December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017 &#32;were not material. NOTE 18 -- OTHER EXPENSE Other expense consists of: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Investment income: Interest $ 1,970 $ 1,183 $ 534 Gain on sale of investments -- -- 46 1,970 1,183 580 Loss on repurchases and extinguishment of debt (1) (3,399 ) (3,237 ) (2,988 ) Pension and post retirement items (2) 532 128 (290 ) OSG LNG performance guarantee fees 135 135 -- Miscellaneous--net 3 38 17 $ (759 ) $ (1,753 ) $ (2,681 ) (1) See Note 9, ";Debt,"; for disclosures relating to loss on repurchase of debt. (2) As discussed further in Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-07, Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost (ASC 715), on January 1, 2018. Accordingly, the prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation. NOTE 19 -- SEVERANCE COSTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Severance Severance related costs are recognized over the period commencing on the date on which the affected employees are notified and ending on the date when required services are completed. Activity relating to the reserves for the severance arrangements incurred during the three years ended December 31, 2018 is summarized as follows: Balance at December 31, 2016 $ 7,694 Utilized (6,440 ) Balance at December 31, 2017 1,254 Utilized (1,188 ) Balance at December 31, 2018 $ 66 The above table excludes related professional fees which are expensed as incurred. Severance costs for termination benefits and share based compensation costs recognized during the year ended December 31, 2016 were as follows: Termination Benefits Share Based Payment Expense Total Severance Charges Terminations as a result of spin-off and related restructuring $ 8,218 $ 4,778 $ 12,996 See below for additional discussion on termination agreements with executive officers. Charges relating to employee termination benefits and severance are presented separately in the consolidated statement of operations. 100 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Agreements with Executive Officers On December 29, 2016 Captain Ian T. Blackley stepped down from his role as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company. In connection with his departure from the Company, Captain Blackley entered into a letter agreement with the Company that provides for a general release and waiver of claims against the Company in addition to the payment of certain benefits that were consistent with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended including: (a) a cash payment of $1,350 &#32;in substantially equal installments over a period of twenty-four (24) months; (b) a lump sum cash payment of $3,214 ; (c) a lump sum cash payment of $475 &#32;pursuant to the Company';s Retention Bonus Plan; and (d) any benefits to which he is entitled under the Company';s nonqualified supplemental savings plan. Captain Blackley also received accelerated vesting of time-based equity awards. Charges recognized as part of severance costs in relation to the accelerated vesting of his time-based equity awards totaled $2,313 . During the years ended December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017, severance related amounts of $675 and $5,333 , respectively, were paid to Captain Blackley. On December 29, 2016, Mr. Rick Oricchio stepped down from his role as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In connection with his departure, Mr. Oricchio entered into a letter agreement with the Company containing, among other things, a general release and waiver of claims against the Company, in addition to the payment of certain benefits that were consistent with the terms of his employment agreement, as amended including: (a) a cash payment of $475 &#32;in substantially equal installments over a period of twelve months; (b) a lump sum cash payment of $1,012 ; (c) the pro rata portion of Mr. Oricchio';s second anniversary bonus in a lump sum cash payment of $386 &#32;and (d) Mr. Oricchio';s annual incentive bonus for fiscal year 2016, to be determined based on actual performance of previously established performance metrics and paid in accordance with the Company';s normal practice. Mr. Oricchio also received accelerated vesting of time-based equity awards. Charges recognized as part of severance costs in relation to the accelerated vesting of his time-based equity awards totaled $1,676 . During the year ended December 31, 2017, severance related amounts of $3,342 &#32;were paid to Mr. Oricchio. For the year ended December 31, 2018, severance related amounts paid to Mr. Oricchio were not material. On July 29, 2016, Mr. Henry Flinter retired from his position as President of the Company';s U.S. Flag operations. Pursuant to his employment agreement, as amended on March 30, 2016, all of his unvested stock option awards, time-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs vested in full (per the terms of his agreement, performance-based RSUs vested at target performance) on July 29, 2016. The incremental compensation expense recognized as a result of the difference between the grant date fair value of the vested shares and the fair value of the Company';s Class A common stock on July 29, 2016 was approximately $23 . The Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Company';s Board elected to settle the vested equity awards (with the exception of certain performance-based RSUs that by their terms are not settled until the first quarter of 2018) in cash. Severance costs of approximately $2,238 &#32;were recognized during the quarter in relation to Mr. Flinter';s separation from the Company, of which $789 &#32;was as a result of the accelerated vesting of his share based compensation awards. In addition, Mr. Flinter is eligible for any benefits to which he is entitled under the Company';s nonqualified supplemental savings plan. 101 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 20 -- 2018 &#32;AND 2017 &#32;QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) Selected Financial Data for the Quarter Ended March 31, June 30, Sept. 30, Dec. 31, 2018 Shipping revenues $ 101,030 $ 95,367 $ 80,536 $ 89,230 Gain on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments (1) -- -- -- (877 ) Income/(loss) from vessel operations 13,571 10,529 (4,127 ) 3,913 Interest expense (8,076 ) (7,497 ) (7,828 ) (7,489 ) (Provision)/benefit for taxes from continuing operations (2) (1,202 ) (362 ) 23,385 (4,107 ) Net income/(loss) 3,662 3,055 11,948 (5,176 ) Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class A $ 0.04 $ 0.03 $ 0.13 $ (0.05 ) (1) As discussed in Note 6, ";Vessels, Other Property and Deferred Drydock,"; the Company recognized a gain on the sale of two ATBs. (2) As discussed in Note 12, ";Taxes,"; the Company recognized a tax benefit of $21,720 &#32;in the third quarter of 2018 related to the completion of the IRS' examination of the Company's tax returns for fiscal years 2012 through 2015. Selected Financial Data for the Quarter Ended March 31, June 30, Sept. 30, Dec. 31, 2017 Shipping revenues $ 108,116 $ 96,225 $ 93,270 $ 92,815 Loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments (1) -- -- 7,353 5,847 Income from vessel operations (2) 19,383 14,345 559 (339 ) Interest expense (9,357 ) (9,445 ) (9,474 ) (9,125 ) Reorganization items, net (235 ) (9 ) 46 8 (Provision)/benefit for taxes from continuing operations (3) (3,569 ) (1,593 ) 3,110 59,679 Net income/(loss) 5,429 3,211 (6,307 ) 53,645 Basic and Diluted net income/(loss) per share - Class A $ 0.06 $ 0.04 $ (0.07 ) $ 0.61 (1) As discussed in Note 6, ";Vessels, Other Property and Deferred Drydock,"; the Company recognized a loss on the sale of an ATB. In addition, as discussed in Note 10, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Derivatives and Fair Value Disclosures," the Company recorded an impairment charge to write down the carrying values of five ATBs to their estimated fair values as of December 31, 2017. (2) As discussed further in Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-07, Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost (ASC 715) , &#32; on January 1, 2018. Accordingly, the prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation. (3) As discussed in Note 12, ";Taxes,"; the Company has recognized a one-time non-cash tax benefit of approximately $54,300 &#32;in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. This tax benefit is based on the Company';s assessment of the impact of the TCJA, which reduced the federal corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%. NOTE 21 -- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES At December 31, 2018, the Company had aggregate capital commitments of $155,237 , net of progress payments already made aggregating $21,323 , for the construction of four vessels: two tankers scheduled for delivery in September 2019 and two barges scheduled for delivery in the second quarter of 2020 and in the fourth quarter of 2020. The contracts for these vessels require progress payments during the construction periods with a final payment due on delivery. The Company has made all required progress payments to date, and the Company expects to make remaining payments, including those due on delivery, with financing that the Company will need to obtain, operating cash flow and cash on hand. The Company is currently in discussion with potential lenders to obtain such financing, but the Company has not yet obtained the necessary financing. 102 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class Action Lawsuits and Derivative Actions The Company has fully and finally resolved all potential direct claims by members of the putative class of securities claimants relating to the bankruptcy filing of November 14, 2012 through a settlement effectuated through the Equity Plan, which became effective on August 5, 2014. Under the terms of that settlement, the Equity Plan provided for full satisfaction of the claims of the putative class and all payments have been made, with no actions remaining to be taken. On December 2, 2015, the United States District Court for the Southern District (the ";Southern District";) entered orders that approved the settlements relating to the class action and orders of judgment dismissing the remaining defendants from the action. The Equity Plan and orders of the Bankruptcy Court foreclose the defendants in the Southern District from pursuing any other or further remedies against the Company. See Note 2, ";Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"; for additional information relating to these matters. Proskauer Action On February 23, 2014, Proskauer and four of its partners (the ";Proskauer Plaintiffs";) filed an action in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York (the ";Supreme Court";) against certain of the Company';s former officers relating to the Company';s malpractice suit against Proskauer and certain of its partners filed on November 18, 2013 in the Bankruptcy Court. On March 3, 2016, pursuant to a settlement agreement with the Proskauer Plaintiffs, the Supreme Court entered an order discontinuing the Proskauer action with prejudice, which order has become final and nonappealable. See Note 2, ";Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"; for additional information. SEC Investigation On November 13, 2012, the Company received from the staff of the SEC';s Division of Enforcement (the ";Staff";) a request for documents relating to the statements in the Company';s October 22, 2012 Form 8-K. On January 29, 2013, the SEC issued a formal order of private investigation of the Company. The Company provided documents to the SEC and cooperated fully with the SEC';s investigation. On July 25, 2016, the staff of the SEC provided a ";Wells Notice"; to the Company';s counsel in connection with the above-referenced investigation, advising that the staff had made a preliminary determination to recommend that the Commission file an enforcement action against the Company. On January 23, 2017, the SEC commenced an administrative proceeding, with the Company';s consent, that fully resolved the SEC';s investigation. The Company neither admitted nor denied the SEC';s allegations that the Company violated certain provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and related rules. After receiving Bankruptcy Court approval, the Company paid a $5,000 &#32;civil penalty relating to the investigation in February 2017, which was fully accrued as of December 31, 2016. The agreement does not require any further changes to the Company';s historical financial statements. Any indemnification or contribution claims by officers or directors of the Company that could be asserted in connection with the SEC';s investigation have been released or otherwise resolved pursuant to the Equity Plan and order of the Bankruptcy Court. Legal Proceedings Arising in the Ordinary Course of Business The Company is a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to various suits in the ordinary course of business for monetary relief arising principally from personal injuries (including without limitation exposure to asbestos and other toxic materials), wrongful death, collision or other casualty and to claims arising under charter parties. A substantial majority of such personal injury, wrongful death, collision or other casualty claims against the Company are covered by insurance (subject to deductibles not material in amount). Each of the claims involves an amount which, in the opinion of management, are not expected to be material to the Company';s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 103 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. NOTE 22 -- REVENUE RECOGNITION Adoption of ASC 606 On January 1, 2018 , the Company adopted ASC 606 applying the modified retrospective method to all contracts not completed as of January 1, 2018 . Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018 &#32;are presented under ASC 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for the prior period. The impact of adopting the new standard primarily related to a change in the timing of revenue recognition for voyage charter contracts. In the past, the Company recognized revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a discharge-to-discharge basis. Under the new standard, the Company recognizes revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge basis. In addition, the adoption of ASC 606 resulted in a corresponding change in the timing of recognition of voyage expenses for voyage charter contracts. The cumulative effect of the changes made to the Company's consolidated January 1, 2018 &#32;balance sheet for the adoption of ASC 606 was as follows: Balance at December 31, 2017 Adjustments Due to ASC 606 Balance at January 1, 2018 Assets Voyage receivables $ 24,209 $ 1,336 $ 25,545 Liabilities Deferred income taxes 83,671 (108 ) 83,563 Equity Accumulated deficit (265,758 ) (1,228 ) (266,986 ) For the year ended December 31, 2018 , revenues increased by $1,418 , net income increased by $1,101 &#32;and basic and diluted net income per share increased by $0.01 &#32;as a result of applying ASC 606. Shipping Revenues Revenues are recognized when control of the promised services are transferred to the Company's customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those services. Time Charter Revenues The Company enters into time charter contracts under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of a vessel. The Company recognizes revenues from time charters as operating leases ratably over the non-cancellable contract term. Customers generally pay voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls and port charges. The Company also provides the charterer with services such as technical management expenses and crew costs. While there are lease and service (non-lease) components related to time charter contracts, the predominant component of the contract is the charterer';s lease of the vessel. The non-lease components of the contract have the same timing and pattern of transfer as the underlying lease component; therefore, the Company recognizes revenue related to this service ratably over the life of the contract term. Voyage Charter Revenues The Company enters into voyage charter contracts, which are charters under which a customer pays a transportation charge, voyage freight, for the movement of a specific cargo between two or more specified ports. The Company's performance obligation under voyage charters, which consists of moving cargo from a load port to a discharge port, is satisfied over time. Accordingly, under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge basis. The transaction price is in the form of a fixed fee at contract inception, which is the transportation charge. Voyage charter contracts also include variable consideration primarily in the form of demurrage, which is additional revenue the Company receives for delays experienced in loading or unloading cargo that are not deemed to be the responsibility of the Company, calculated in accordance with specific charter terms. The Company does not include demurrage in the transaction price for voyage charters as it is considered constrained since it is highly susceptible to factors outside the Company's influence. Examples of when demurrage is incurred include unforeseeable weather conditions and 104 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. security regulations at ports. The uncertainty related to this variable consideration is resolved upon the completion of the voyage, the duration of which is generally less than 30 days . U.S. Maritime Security Program Two &#32;of the Company's reflagged U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program ("MSP"), which ensures that privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. The Company considers the MSP contract with the U.S. government a service arrangement under ASC 606. Under this arrangement, the Company receives an annual operating-differential subsidy pursuant to the Merchant Marine Act of 1936 for each participating vessel, subject in each case to annual congressional appropriations. The subsidy is intended to reimburse owners for the additional costs of operating U.S. Flag vessels; therefore, the Company has presented this subsidy as an offset to vessel expenses. Contracts of Affreightment The Company enters into contracts of affreightment for lightering services and other arrangements based on number of voyages. These contracts are service contracts within the scope of ASC 606 for which underlying performance obligations to transport crude oil are satisfied over time. The Company';s contracts of affreightment include a fixed monthly or annual minimum barrel volume requirement. The Company is required to transport and the charterer is required to provide the Company with a minimum volume requirement. These contract minimums represent fixed consideration within the contract which is recognized as the product is transferred over time. The Company updates the total transaction price in accordance with changes in total volume expected to be delivered. The Company will adjust revenue recognized for any minimum volume unexercised right. Contracts of affreightment provide the charterer with options to purchase additional transportation services. If the option is not considered a material right, the Company recognizes revenue related to the optional services at the contractual rate as the product is transferred over time. If the option is considered a material right, the Company updates the estimated total transaction price of the contract as the material right is exercised. The optional transport services provided to the charterer under these arrangements are consistent with the services provided before the option is elected. Accordingly, the Company applies the practical alternative to allocate the transaction price to the material right. As a result, the Company may recognize revenue related to contracts of affreightment at an amount which is different to the invoiced amount if the Company';s estimated volume to be transported under the contract is in excess of the contractual minimum. Contracts of affreightment also include variable consideration primarily related to demurrage. The Company does not include this variable consideration in the transaction price for these contracts as the consideration is constrained since the obligation to deliver this service is outside the control of the Company. The uncertainty related to this variable consideration is resolved with the customer over the course of the contract term as individual voyages discharge. Revenue generated by contracts of affreightment is included within voyage charter revenues on the consolidated statements of operations. Disaggregated Revenue The Company has disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers into categories which depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Consequently, the disaggregation below is based on contract type. Since the terms within these contract types are generally standard in nature, further disaggregation would not result in increased insight into the economic factors impacting revenue and cash flows. 105 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. The following table shows the Company's shipping revenues disaggregated by nature of the charter arrangement for the year ended December 31, 2018: Year Ended December 31, 2018 Time charter revenues $ 213,923 Voyage charter revenues (1) 83,542 Contracts of affreightment revenues 68,698 Total shipping revenues (2) $ 366,163 (1) Voyage charter revenues include approximately $7,600 &#32;of revenue related to short-term time charter contracts in 2018. (2) Results for reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2018 are presented under Topic 606, while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with the Company's historic accounting under Topic 605. Revenue related to contracts of affreightment in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 have been included within voyage charter revenues. Contract Balances As of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017, contract balances from contracts with customers consisted of voyage receivables, including unbilled receivables, of $12,515 &#32;and $22,860 , respectively, net of allowance for doubtful accounts. For voyage charters, voyage freight is due to the Company upon completion of discharge at the last discharge port. For contracts of affreightment, the Company invoices the customer monthly based on the greater of either cargo transported or the monthly minimum volume requirement in the contract. The Company routinely reviews its voyage receivables and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts; however, those provisions are estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates and those differences may be material. Voyage receivables are deemed uncollectible and removed from accounts receivable and the allowance for doubtful accounts when collection efforts have been exhausted. Costs to Fulfill a Contract Under ASC 606, for voyage charters and contracts of affreightment, the Company capitalizes the direct costs, which are voyage expenses, of relocating the vessel to the load port to be amortized during transport of the cargo. At December 31, 2018 , the costs related to voyages that were not yet completed were not material. Additionally, these contracts include out of pocket expense (i.e. fuel, port charges, canal tolls) incurred by the entity in fulfilling its performance obligation which are reimbursed by the charterer at cost. The reimbursement for these fulfillment costs have been included in the Company's estimated transaction price for the contract and recognized as revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations As of December 31, 2018, there was an aggregate amount of $64,687 of revenue under contracts of affreightment greater than a year which the Company will be entitled to providing services in the future. The Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately $38,698 &#32;in 2019, $22,070 in 2020 and $3,919 in 2021 under these contracts. These estimated amounts relate to the fixed consideration of contractual minimums within the contracts based on the Company';s best estimate of future services and do not include consideration related to future purchase options which are uncertain. Practical Expedients and Exemptions The Company';s voyage charter contracts and some of the Company';s contracts of affreightment have an original expected duration of one year or less; therefore, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient which provides the Company with the ability to not disclose the portion of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations within these contracts. For voyage charters, the Company expenses broker commissions, which are costs of obtaining a contract, when incurred because the amortization period is less than one year. The Company records these costs within voyage expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 106 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. For contracts that were modified before the adoption date, the Company has not retrospectively restated the contract for those contract modifications. 107 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), cash flows and changes in equity/(deficit) for each of the two years ended in the period December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the ";consolidated financial statements";). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 14, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company';s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as the Company';s auditor since 2017. Tampa, Florida March 14, 2019 108 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and subsidiaries'; internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), cash flows and changes in equity/(deficit) for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2018, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated March 14, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company';s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management';s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company';s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company';s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company';s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company';s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Tampa, Florida March 14, 2019 109 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To &#32; the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. &#32; In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income/(loss), changes in equity/(deficit) and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule of condensed financial information of parent company listed in the index appearing in Item 15(a)(2) for the year ended December 31, 2016, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, NY March 9, 2017, except for the change in the manner in which the Company accounts for pension costs and restricted cash discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is March 14, 2019 110 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company';s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (";CEO";) and Chief Financial Officer (";CFO";), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company';s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ";Exchange Act";). Based on that evaluation, the Company';s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company';s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2018 &#32;to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission';s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company';s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. (b) Management';s report on internal control over financial reporting Management of the Company is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company';s system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company';s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management, with participation of the CEO and CFO, has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company';s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 , based on the provisions of ";Internal Control--Integrated Framework (2013)"; issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (";COSO";). Management has concluded the Company';s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2018 . The effectiveness of the Company';s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018 &#32;has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, the Company';s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in the Company';s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company';s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 111 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. PART III Dollar amounts in Part III are expressed in whole dollars unless otherwise noted. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE See Item 14 below. Executive Officers The table below sets forth the name and age of each executive officer of the Company and the date such executive officer was elected to his current position with the Company. The term of office of each executive officer continues until the first meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company immediately following the next annual meeting of its stockholders, and until the election and qualification of his or her successor. There is no family relationship between the executive officers. Name Age Position Held Date Assumed Executive Officer Position Samuel H. Norton 60 President and CEO December 2016 Richard Trueblood 73 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer July 2017 Susan Allan 56 Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel November 2016 Patrick O';Halloran 49 Vice President and Chief Operations Officer December 2016 Damon Mote 51 Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer December 2016 Samuel H. Norton was appointed CEO and President of OSG in December 2016. Prior to this, he served as Senior Vice President of OSG and President and CEO of the U.S. Flag Strategic Business Unit from July 2016 and has served on the Company';s Board of Directors since August 2014. Prior to joining OSG, Mr. Norton Co-Founded SeaChange Maritime, LLC in 2006 and served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Norton spent the seventeen-year period ending July 2005 as a senior executive officer at Tanker Pacific Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. In 1995, Mr. Norton initiated and led the entry of the Sammy Ofer Group into the container segment, and acquired and operated the first container vessels in the group's fleet. While at Tanker Pacific, Mr. Norton also conceived and started a related business, Tanker Pacific Offshore Terminals (TPOT), which owns and operates a fleet of floating, offshore oil storage terminals (FSO). Prior to joining the Ofer group, Mr. Norton played a lead role in the Asian distressed assets group of the First National Bank of Boston, a position which acquainted him with the shipping industry and the Ofer family. Mr. Norton holds a BA in Chinese Language and Literature from Dartmouth College where he graduated in 1981. Richard Trueblood, CPA, was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of OSG in December 2017, following his appointment as our interim CFO in July 2017. Mr. Trueblood has been the interim CFO for OSG since July 2017. Prior to OSG, he was a Partner in the Florida CFO Group providing interim and project Chief Financial Officer services to companies such as the technology start-up Heliotrope Technologies, Inc. He has been CFO at Advent Solar Inc. and Troon Golf LLC. He has extensive experience with equity and debt financing with companies at all stages of development including NYSE listed Promus Hotel Corporation where he was Senior Vice President - Finance. Mr. Trueblood was a partner at KPMG where he provided extensive services to clients in strategic business management, mergers and acquisitions, divestitures and SEC compliance. While at KPMG, he led the real estate practices in Boston, Massachusetts and Orange County, California. He also served as a director for UMB Bank Arizona, N.A. for eight years. Mr. Trueblood holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Bentley University. Susan Allan joined OSG in November 2016 as OSG's Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Ms. Allan has extensive experience in corporate governance and SEC matters from her positions as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Secretary at Jabil Circuit, Inc. from 2009 until September 2016, and as Director, Senior Counsel at Tech Data Corporation from 1997 to 2009. Prior to that, Ms. Allan worked as Director, Senior Counsel at Anchor Glass Container, as an Assistant County Attorney in the Hillsborough County Attorney's Office, and as an associate attorney at Barkan and Neff law firm, all in Tampa. Ms. Allan received her law degree from the University of Southern California Gould School of Law in Los Angeles and her undergraduate degree from George Mason University. Patrick O';Halloran was appointed as Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of all operations, maintenance, SQE and commercial operations for the Company';s Fleet. Prior to that, Mr. O';Halloran served as 112 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Vice President Marine Operations for the Company since December 2014. Mr. O';Halloran joined OSG in November 2006 as Fleet Manager as part of the acquisition of Maritrans Inc., where he served as Fleet Maintenance Manager. He joined Maritrans, Inc. in 2002 as Technical Superintendent. Prior to joining Maritrans, Mr. O';Halloran was a Surveyor for the American Bureau of Shipping for ten years. Mr. O';Halloran holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from State University of New York &#8211; Maritime College and a Master';s in Business Administration from the University of South Florida. He sits on the Board of Directors for Alaska Tanker Company LLC, and the Chamber of Shipping of America. Damon Mote was appointed as Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of the Company';s marine labor relations, human resources, and insurance functions. Prior to that, Mr. Mote served as Vice President of Marine Labor Relations since December 2014. Mr. Mote joined the Company in 2004 as Manager, Major Projects and then served as Director, New Construction beginning in 2006. In 2011 he was appointed as the Regional Manager of the Technical Services Group, which included responsibilities for engineering, purchasing, and the fleet management software system. Prior to joining OSG, he worked for fourteen years with Crowley Maritime. Mr. Mote holds a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from California Maritime Academy. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics which is an integral part of the Company';s business conduct compliance program and embodies the commitment of the Company and its subsidiaries to conduct operations in accordance with the highest legal and ethical standards. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of the Company';s officers, directors and employees. Each is responsible for understanding and complying with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company also has an Insider Trading Policy which prohibits the Company';s directors and employees from purchasing or selling securities of the Company while in possession of material nonpublic information or otherwise using such information for their personal benefit. The Insider Trading Policy also prohibits the Company directors and employees from hedging their ownership of securities of the Company. In addition, the Company has an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy which memorializes the Company';s commitment to adhere faithfully to both the letter and spirit of all applicable anti-bribery legislation in the conduct of the Company';s business activities worldwide. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Insider Trading Policy and the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy are posted on the Company';s website, which is www.osg.com, and are available in print upon the request of any stockholder of the Company. The Company';s website and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION See Item 14 below. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS See Item 14 below. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE See Item 14 below. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Except for the information set forth in item 10, the information called for under Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed by the Company in connection with its 2019 &#32;Annual Meeting of Stockholders. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 113 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (a)(1) The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are filed in response to Item 8. Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2017. Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms. (a)(2) I &#8211; Condensed Financial Information of Parent Company (refer to page 125) All other schedules of the Company have been omitted since they are not applicable or are not required. (a)(3) The following exhibits are included in response to Item 15(b): 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, by and between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Class A Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.2 Form of Class A Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.1). 4.3 Class B Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A, as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.4 Form of Class B Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.2). 4.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.6 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Registrant';s Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 114 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 4.7 Indenture dated as of March 7, 2003 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, providing for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time to time (filed as Exhibit 4(e)(1) to the Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 5, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 333-105018) (filed May 5, 2003). Such Indenture is hereby modified, effective as of January 13, 2004, by deleting all references therein to ";Wilmington Trust Company";, ";March 7, 2003"; and any specific day, month and/or year and substituting therefore blank spaces. 4.8 Form of First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 19, 2004 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed February 18, 2004). 4.9 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.11 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50% Senior Notes I due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.12 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50% Senior Notes II due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.13 Indenture dated as of March 29, 2010, between the Registrant and the Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time to time (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 29, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.14 Form of 8 1/8% Senior Notes due 2018 of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 29, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 4.15 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 8.125% Senior Notes due 2018, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 ABL Credit Agreement dated as of August 5, 2014, among the Registrant, OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. (";OBS";), certain subsidiaries of OBS as other guarantors, various lenders, Jefferies Finance LLC, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as co-documentation agents, Jefferies Finance LLC, as syndication agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral agent and mortgage trustee, swingline lender and issuing bank (the ";ABL Credit Agreement";) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.2 First Amendment, dated as of June 3, 2015, to the ABL Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.3 DTL Credit Agreement dated as of August 5, 2014, among the Registrant, OBS, certain subsidiaries of OBS as other guarantors, various lenders, Jefferies Finance LLC, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers, Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, Barclays Bank PLC and UBS Securities LLC, as co-documentation agents, Jefferies Finance LLC, as syndication agent, collateral agent and mortgage trustee (the ";DTL Credit Agreement";) (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 115 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 10.4 First Amendment, dated as of June 3, 2015, to the DTL Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.5 Supplemental Executive Savings Plan of the Registrant dated as of December 22, 2005, as amended by Amendment One effective as of January 1, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Registrant';s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2008 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed March 2, 2009). *10.6 Form of Director Indemnity Agreement for the directors of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.7 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy for Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.8 Engagement letter dated as of November 1, 2012 by and between the Registrant and Greylock Partners, LLC (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 15, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed 11/14/12). *10.9 Engagement letter dated as of August 6, 2014 by and between Registrant and Greylock Partners, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.10 Severance Plan of the Registrant effective April 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.11 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.12 Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.13 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.14 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Not subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.15 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.16 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (Not subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.17 Form of Officers Indemnity Agreement for the officers of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.18 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 116 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. *10.19 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.20 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.21 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.22 Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.23 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 2, 2015 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.24 Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.25 Employment Agreement dated as of January 20, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.26 Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.27 Letter Agreement dated as of August 31, 2015 between the Registrant and a former director (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.28 Letter Agreement dated as of August 31, 2015 between the Registrant and a former director (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.29 Letter Agreement dated August 11, 2014 with an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant';s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.30 Settlement, Release and Indemnity Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.31 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.32 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 117 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. *10.33 Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 7, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.34 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.35 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.36 Amendment No. 3 dated as of November 7, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of February 13, 2015 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.37 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.38 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.39 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2016 with an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.40 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.41 Amendment No. 2 dated as of August 3, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of December 19, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.42 Letter Agreement dated November 7, 2016 with an executive officer (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 14, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.43 Amendment No. 1 dated as of March 30, 2016 to Employment Agreement dated as of September 29, 2014 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.44 Separation Agreement dated July 29, 2016 between the Registrant and a former executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.45 Employment Agreement dated as of July 17, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.46 Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.47 Employment Agreement dated as of November 29, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.48 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 118 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. *10.48 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.49 Transition Services Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.50 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc, and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.51 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.52 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form PB-TSR 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.53 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Performance Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form PB-ROIC 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.54 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form TB-Officer 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.55 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement, Form StOp 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant';s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.56 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan approved by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 6, 2017, effective June 6, 2017. *10.57 Letter Agreement dated as of July 17, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.58 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). *10.59 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive. *10.60 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Bonus Grant Agreement, Form "Stock Bonus Shares". *10.61 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. *10.62 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Bonus Grant Agreement. *10.63 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restrictive Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form "TB-Officer". 119 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. *10.64 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restrictive Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form "PB-TSR". *10.65 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restrictive Stock Unit Grant Agreement, Form "PB-ROIC". *10.66 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Bonus Grant Agreement. *10.67 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. *10.68 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer 20_. *10.69 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB 20_-ROIC. *10.70 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR 20_. *10.71 Employment Agreement dated as of December 15, 2018 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.72 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2018, among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, various lenders, PGIM, Inc., as arranger and administrative agent, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and Ally Bank, as co-syndication agents, AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, as documentation agent, PGIM, Inc., as collateral agent and mortgage trustee (the ";Term Loan Credit Agreement";) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.73 Second Amendment, dated as of December 21, 2018, to the ABL Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant';s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 21** List of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1** Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 23.2** Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 31.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 32** Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 120 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. (1) The Exhibits marked with one asterisk (*) are a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. (2) The Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with two asterisks (**). ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 121 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 14, 2019 &#32; OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. By: /s/ RICHARD TRUEBLOOD Richard Trueblood Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each of such persons appoints Samuel H. Norton and Richard Trueblood, and each of them, as his agents and attorneys-in-fact, in his name, place and stead in all capacities, to sign and file with the SEC any amendments to this report and any exhibits and other documents in connection therewith, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this power of attorney. 122 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Name Date /s/ SAMUEL H. NORTON March 14, 2019 Samuel H. Norton, Principal Executive Officer and Director /s/ DOUGLAS D. WHEAT March 14, 2019 Douglas D. Wheat, Director /s/ JOHN P. REDDY March 14, 2019 John P. Reddy, Director /s/ JOSEPH I. KRONSBERG March 14, 2019 Joseph I. Kronsberg, Director /s/ JULIE E. SILCOCK March 14, 2019 Julie E. Silcock, Director /s/ ANJA L. MANUEL March 14, 2019 Anja L. Manuel, Director /s/ GARY EUGENE TAYLOR March 14, 2019 Gary Eugene Taylor, Director /s/ TY E. WALLACH March 14, 2019 Ty E. Wallach, Director 123 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 69,655 $ 40,838 Restricted cash 59 58 Income taxes recoverable 5,514 113 Receivable from INSW 34 65 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 489 582 Total Current Assets 75,751 41,656 Restricted cash 165 217 Investments in subsidiaries 301,942 358,064 Intercompany receivables 27,961 3,279 Other assets -- 1 Total Assets $ 405,819 $ 403,217 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 1,766 $ 2,144 Total Current Liabilities 1,766 2,144 Reserve for uncertain tax positions 218 3,205 Long-term debt 687 685 Deferred income taxes 73,367 83,671 Intercompany payables 313 274 Total Liabilities 76,351 89,979 Equity: Common stock - Class A ($0.01 par value; 166,666,666 shares authorized; 84,834,790 and 78,277,669 shares issued and outstanding) 848 783 Paid-in additional capital 587,826 584,675 Accumulated deficit (252,014 ) (265,758 ) 336,660 319,700 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (7,192 ) (6,462 ) Total Equity 329,468 313,238 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 405,819 $ 403,217 See notes to condensed financial statements 124 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Operating Expenses General and administrative $ 55 $ (134 ) $ 698 Total operating expenses 55 (134 ) 698 Equity in (loss)/income from subsidiaries (5,461 ) 6,575 (63,698 ) Operating (loss)/income from continuing operations (5,516 ) 6,709 (64,396 ) Other income/(expense) 854 (2,504 ) (2,363 ) (Loss)/income from continuing operations before interest expense, reorganization items, net and income taxes (4,662 ) 4,205 (66,759 ) Interest expense (247 ) (5,664 ) (10,323 ) Loss from continuing operations before reorganization items, net and income taxes (4,909 ) (1,459 ) (77,082 ) Reorganization items, net -- (190 ) 10,925 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (4,909 ) (1,649 ) (66,157 ) Income tax benefit 18,398 57,627 65,098 Net income/(loss) from continuing operations 13,489 55,978 (1,059 ) Net loss for discontinued operations -- -- (292,555 ) Net income/(loss) 13,489 55,978 (293,614 ) Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax: Change in unrealized losses on cash flow hedges 112 907 10,311 Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: Net change in unrecognized prior service cost (262 ) (157 ) (60 ) Net change in unrecognized actuarial gain/(losses) 903 948 (3,295 ) Other comprehensive income 753 1,698 6,956 Comprehensive income/(loss) $ 14,242 $ 57,676 $ (286,658 ) See notes to condensed financial statements 125 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities $ (21,988 ) $ (13,787 ) $ 202,989 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Distributions from subsidiaries 51,323 50,000 51,832 Net cash provided by investing activities 51,323 50,000 51,832 Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Payments on debt -- -- (39,319 ) Extinguishment of debt -- (84,170 ) -- Repurchases of common stock and common stock warrants -- -- (119,343 ) Cash dividends paid -- -- (31,910 ) Tax withholding on share-based awards (569 ) (1,157 ) -- Net cash used in financing activities (569 ) (85,327 ) (190,572 ) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (Note G) 28,766 (49,114 ) 64,249 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year (Note G) 41,113 90,227 25,978 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year (Note G) $ 69,879 $ 41,113 $ 90,227 See notes to condensed financial statements 126 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES SCHEDULE I - CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS NOTE A -- BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (the ";Parent";) is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its subsidiaries. The condensed financial information and related notes have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12.04, Schedule I of Regulation S-X. This financial information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., and subsidiaries (collectively, the ";Company";). The Parent owns 100% &#32;of OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. (";OBS";), which is incorporated in New York State, and OSG Financial Corp., which is incorporated in Delaware. OBS and its subsidiaries own and operate a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged in the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trades. On November 30, 2016 (the ";Distribution Date";), the Parent spun off its international business into a new independent company, International Seaways, Inc. (";INSW";). For additional information regarding the spin-off, see Note 1, ";Basis of Presentation and Description of Business,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; NOTE B -- BANKRUPTCY FILING AND EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY On November 14, 2012 &#32;(the ";Petition Date";), the Parent and 180 of its subsidiaries (together with OSG, the ";Debtors";) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title II of the U.S. Code (the ";Bankruptcy Code";) in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware &#32;(the ";Bankruptcy Court";). On March 7, 2014 , the Debtors filed a plan of reorganization supported by certain of the lenders under OSG';s $1,500,000 &#32;credit agreement, dated as of February 9, 2006 (the ";Lender Plan";). On April 18, 2014, the Debtors received a proposal for an alternative plan of reorganization from certain holders of existing equity interests of OSG, which the Debtors determined to be more favorable to the Debtors'; creditors and equity interest holders than the Lender Plan (the ";Equity Proposal";). Accordingly, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court a plan of reorganization that effectuates the terms of the Equity Proposal (as subsequently amended, the ";Equity Plan";). The Bankruptcy Court confirmed the Equity Plan by order entered on July 18, 2014 (the ";Confirmation Order";). On August 5, 2014 &#32;(the ";Effective Date";), the Equity Plan became effective and OSG emerged from bankruptcy. As of February 10, 2017, none of the original 181 Chapter 11 cases filed remains open. For additional information regarding the Company';s emergence from bankruptcy, see Note 2, ";Chapter 11 Filing and Emergence from Bankruptcy,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; NOTE C--DEBT: Long-term debt consists of the following: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 7.5% Election 2 notes due 2021, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of $4 and $6 $ 297 $ 295 7.50% notes due 2024 390 390 $ 687 $ 685 The aggregate annual principal payments required to be made on debt over the next five years and thereafter are $301 &#32;(2021) and $390 &#32;(2024). During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company repurchased and retired an aggregate principal amount of $0 &#32;and $294 , respectively, of its 7.50% &#32;notes due 2024 and $ 55,202 &#32;and $37,345 , respectively, of its 8.125% &#32;notes due 2018. The aggregate losses of $2,495 &#32;and $2,463 &#32;realized on these transactions during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The net losses reflect a $504 &#32;and $784 &#32;write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs associated with the repurchased debt during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 127 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. On December 27, 2017, the Company deposited cash in the amount of $27,491 &#32;with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, to pay the principal of $26,417 &#32;plus accrued and unpaid interest of $514 &#32;on all of the outstanding 8.125% &#32;Notes ("Remaining Notes") on their stated maturity. As a result, the Company's obligations under the indenture and the Remaining Notes were satisfied and the indenture was cancelled and discharged. The aggregate loss of $742 &#32;realized on this transaction during the year ended December 31, 2017 is included in other expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The net loss reflects a $182 &#32;write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs. See Note 9, ";Debt,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for additional information relating to the Parent';s debt. NOTE D--RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS: The financial statements of the Parent included related party transactions as presented in the tables below: Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 General and administrative expenses reimbursed to/(by) subsidiaries International Seaways, Inc. - Discontinued Operations (1) $ -- $ -- $ (7,838 ) OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. (1) (5,452 ) (6,715 ) (17,321 ) Net reduction in general and administrative expenses $ (5,452 ) $ (6,715 ) $ (25,159 ) (1) According to the "Shared Services and Cost Sharing Agreement" and the "Cost Sharing Agreement" signed by the Parent and its subsidiaries, effective August 5, 2014, certain overhead costs paid by the Parent on behalf of INSW and OBS are allocated to such subsidiaries. Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 2016 Equity in income/(loss) of subsidiaries OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. $ (5,461 ) $ 6,576 $ (63,744 ) OSG Financial Corp. -- (1 ) 46 Total $ (5,461 ) $ 6,575 $ (63,698 ) On November 30, 2016, the Parent completed the separation of its business into two independent publicly-traded companies through the spin-off of its then wholly-owned subsidiary INSW. Income/(loss) from the discontinued operations of INSW during the eleven months ended November 30, 2016 was $(292,555) . For additional information regarding the spin-off, see Note 1, ";Basis of Presentation and Description of Business,"; and Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."; Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Intercompany receivables: OSG Ship Management (Tampa) $ 23,992 $ 2,086 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 3,969 1,193 Total $ 27,961 $ 3,279 Intercompany receivables principally represent outstanding balances due from the subsidiaries in accordance with the "Shared Services and Cost Sharing Agreement" and the "Cost Sharing Agreement" effective August 5, 2014. Years Ended December 31, 2018 2017 Intercompany payables: OSG Ship Management Inc. $ 195 $ 157 OSG Financial Corp. 118 117 Total $ 313 $ 274 128 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. During 2018 and 2017, OBS paid cash distributions to the Parent of $51,323 &#32;and $50,000 , respectively. The return of capital distributions received by the Parent are reflected in the condensed statement of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities. During 2016, INSW, OBS, and OSG Financial Corp. paid cash distributions to the Parent of $202,000 , $51,295 , and $537 , respectively, including earnings distributions of $202,000 &#32;from INSW and returns of capital from OBS of $51,295 &#32;and OSG Financial Corp. of $537 . The earnings distributions and return of capital distributions received by the Parent are reflected in the condensed statement of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities and investing activities, respectively. Supplemental cash flow information for the year ended December 31, 2016 associated with net non-cash capital transactions aggregating $884,591 &#32;were non-cash investing activities, including $895,650 &#32;related to the spin-off of INSW. Receivables of $34 &#32;and $65 &#32;due from INSW as of December 31, 2018 &#32;and 2017, respectively, are primarily in relation to amounts owed pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement, as described in Note 5, ";Discontinued Operations."; NOTE E --GUARANTEES: See Note 13, ";Related Parties,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for information relating to Parent guarantees. NOTE F --CONTINGENCIES: See Note 21, ";Contingencies,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for information with respect to the Parent';s contingencies. NOTE G --RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS See Note 3, ";Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,"; to the Company';s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8, ";Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,"; for information with respect to the Parent';s adoption of new accounting standards. 129 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

