 
 40-F
 1
 a2242980z40-f.htm
 40-F

 QuickLinks 
 -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form 40-F 

 (Check one) 

 &#111; 
 
 Registration statement pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 or 

 &#253; 
 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020 
 Commission File Number: 1-31556 

 FAIRFAX FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

 Not applicable 
(Translation of Registrant's name into English (if applicable)) 

 Canada 
(Province or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

 6331 
(Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number (if applicable)) 

 Not Applicable 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number (if applicable)) 

 95 Wellington Street West Suite 800 Toronto, Ontario Canada M5J 2N7 (416)
 367-4941 
(Address and telephone number of Registrant's principal executive offices) 

 CT Corporation System 111 Eighth Avenue, 13 th Floor New York, NY 10011 U.S.A. (212) 894-8700 
(Name, address (including zip code) and telephone number (including area code) 
of agent for service in the United States) 

 Securities
registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. 

 Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on 
which registered 

 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

 Securities
registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. 

 Subordinate Voting Shares 
(Title of Class) 

 Securities
for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 None 
(Title of Class) 

 For
annual reports, indicate by check mark the information filed with this form: 

 &#253; 
Annual information form &#253; Audited annual financial statements

 Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer's classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the
annual report. 

 Subordinate Voting Shares 
 
 25,427,736 

 Multiple Voting Shares 
 
 1,548,000 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes 
 
 &#253; 
 
 No 
 
 &#111; 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 Yes 
 
 &#253; 
 
 No 
 
 &#111; 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Emerging growth
company &#111; 

 If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards&#134; provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. &#111; 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. &#253; 

 PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 

 The following documents have been filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 40-F 

 1. Annual
Information Form dated March 5, 2021 attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.
 2. Audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Registrant as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the two years in the period ended
December 31, 2020 and the related notes, Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, attached as
Exhibit 99.2 hereto.
 3. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations dated March 5, 2021 attached as
Exhibit 99.3 hereto. 

 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Certifications 

 The required certifications are included in Exhibits 99.6 and 99.7 hereto. 

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 The Registrant's chief executive officer and its chief financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 40-F, have concluded, based upon such evaluation, that the Registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of the end of such period. 

 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is included in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated by
reference herein. 

 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 The effectiveness of the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2020 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Exhibit 99.2 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein. 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 There was no change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this
report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

 The
design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

 NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR 

 The Registrant was not required by Rule 104 of Regulation BTR to send any notice to any of its directors or executive officers
during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

 2 

 AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 

 The Registrant's board of directors determined that it has at least one audit committee financial expert serving on its audit
committee. Mr. R. William McFarland has been determined to be such an audit committee financial expert and is independent as that term is defined by the New York Stock Exchange's listing
standards. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has indicated that the designation of Mr. McFarland as an audit committee financial expert does not make Mr. McFarland an
"expert" for any purpose, impose any duties, obligations or liability on Mr. McFarland that are greater than those imposed on members of the audit committee and board of directors who do not
carry this designation or affect the duties, obligations or liability of any other members of the audit committee or board of directors. 

 CODE OF ETHICS 

 The disclosure provided under "Statement of Corporate Governance Practices" in the Registrant's Management Proxy Circular, included as
Exhibit 99.4 hereto, is incorporated by reference herein. 

 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 For details on the Registrant's principal accountant fees payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its member firms for the
years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, as well as a description of the nature of each category of fees, see the information under "Audit Committee" in the Registrant's
Annual Information Form dated March 5, 2021, included as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

 The Registrant's Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval policy with respect to permitted audit and non-audit services. Non-audit
services are expected to relate primarily to securities offerings, tax advisory services and other recurring services. Under the policy, non-audit service requests and associated estimated fees
payable by the Registrant and its subsidiaries must be submitted prior to the initiation of the services in advance of each financial quarter for pre-approval by the Registrant's Audit Committee.
Requests by the Registrant or its subsidiaries for pre-approval of non-audit services (other than those with estimated fees payable in immaterial amounts discussed below) within any financial quarter
must be submitted to the Registrant's chief financial officer and pre-approved by the Chair of the Audit Committee and must be presented to the Audit Committee at its next meeting. The Audit Committee
has pre-approved in principle certain types of immaterial, non-audit services and during any quarter, the Registrant's chief financial officer may approve requests for such services of less than USD
$75,000 per item subject to an aggregate quarterly limit of USD $250,000. 

 For
the year ended December 31, 2020, none of the services described above were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of
Regulation S-X. 

 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

 The Registrant and its subsidiaries have certain security arrangements and commitments that have financial implications. These
arrangements are described in Note 20 to the Registrant's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, included as
Exhibit 99.2 hereto. 

 TABULAR DISCLOSURE OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

 Tabular disclosure of the Registrant's present and future obligations as at December 31, 2020 is provided in Note 24
to the Registrant's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, included as Exhibit 99.2 hereto. 

 For
further details on the Registrant's provision for claim liability, long term debt principal and interest payments, purchase obligation and other liabilities payments and operating
lease payments, see Notes 8, 15, 22, 23 and 24 of the Registrant's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, included as
Exhibit 99.2 hereto. 

 3 

 IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

 The Registrant has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. The members of the Registrant's audit committee are R. William McFarland, Anthony F. Griffiths, Robert J. Gunn, Timothy R. Price and Lauren C. Templeton. The disclosure provided
under "Statement of Corporate Governance Practices &#151; Audit Committee" in the Registrant's Management Proxy Circular, included as Exhibit 99.4 hereto, is
incorporated by reference herein. 

 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

 The Registrant is not currently required to disclose the information required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

 A number of statements in the documents incorporated by reference in this Form 40-F constitute "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please refer to the paragraph under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" in the Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations dated March 5, 2021, including Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting incorporated by reference herein,
attached as Exhibit 99.3 hereto and forming an integral part of this document, for a discussion of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to vary from those
forward-looking statements. 

 UNDERTAKING AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS 

 A. Undertaking. 

 Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited (the "Registrant") undertakes to make available, in person or by telephone, representatives to respond to inquiries made
by Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") staff, and to furnish promptly, when requested to do so by the Commission staff, information relating to: the securities registered
pursuant to Form 40-F; the securities in relation to which the obligation to file an annual report on Form 40-F arises; or transactions in said securities. 

 B. Consent to Service of Process. 

 The Registrant has previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Form F-X in connection with the class of securities in relation to which
the obligation to file this report arises. 

 4 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 99.1 
 
 Annual Information Form dated March 5, 2021 

 99.2 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Registrant as of December 31, 2020 and 2019
and for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020 and the related notes, Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 99.3 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations dated
March 5, 2021 

 99.4 
 
 The information under "Statement
of Corporate Governance Practices" in the Registrant's Management Proxy Circular, dated March 5, 2021 in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 15, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrant's Report on Form 6-K furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 5, 2021 

 99.5 
 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 99.6 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications: 

 Certification of Registrant's Chief Executive Officer 

 Certification of Registrant's Chief Financial Officer 

 99.7 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications: 

 Certification of Registrant's Chief Executive Officer 

 Certification of Registrant's Chief Financial Officer 

 101 
 
 Interactive Data File 

 5 

 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on
Form 40-F and has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 

 FAIRFAX FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 Date: March 5, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Eric P. Salsberg 

 Name: 
 
 Eric P. Salsberg 

 Title: 
 
 Vice President, Corporate Affairs and 
Corporate Secretary 

 6 

 QuickLinks 
 PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 NOTICES PURSUANT TO REGULATION BTR 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 TABULAR DISCLOSURE OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 IDENTIFICATION OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 UNDERTAKING AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 SIGNATURES 

